It's a test for the market in terms of
not just SpaceX, but the ripple effect
across the rest of tech. Everybody's
investing in it. They've really hyped
it.
>> The majority of the opportunity here, as
laid out by the company, is really in
the AI compute space.
>> Portfolio managers are now struggling on
how to allocate these new offerings.
Just because something is a very hot IPO
doesn't mean that in the one or 3 months
that the returns are always as
incredible as the trading on the first
day.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz, and
An Marie Hordern.
>> Live from New York City this morning.
Good morning. Good morning for our
audience worldwide. Bloomberg
surveillance starts right now coming
into Friday preparing for launch.
>> 3 2 1 ignition.
and lift up.
>> We've got to get the IPO, SpaceX IPO
going uh pretty soon. I think
>> this is feels like a milestone moment.
>> This is a war for capital. Anyone that's
owning SpaceX, you're you're buying it
for the Musk factor.
>> The SpaceX IPO raising a record-breaking
75 billion. Shares indicated higher by
more than 35% in shadow trading, putting
Elon Musk on the brink of becoming the
world's first trillionaire. The stock
begins trading later on today.
>> By any measure, this was an incredible
success and it sets the stage for the
other IPOs that are coming down the pike
with Anthropic, OpenAI, and others. A
lot of questions still swirling. A lot
of people are going to be skeptical
wondering if people are buying to get
ahead of index inclusion, which is going
to be rapid. The idea of retail investor
participation, which was far beyond what
people expected, whether that's a
positive sign or just a sign of the cult
of Elon Musk. Once again, people will
have different opinions about this, but
what it highlights is people believe
that the idea of missing out on this
type of opportunity is more punitive
than potentially getting in.
>> This is such a polarizing stock and it
will be for a long, long time. And
through the next 3 hours, there will be
two opinions that dominate the
conversation. The polar opposite of each
other. One opinion will sound like this.
It's a bullish bet on the future led by
a CEO that you should never bet against.
And the other opinion will sound like
this. It's an unprofitable company
trying to get 90 times sales plus the
promise of tech that doesn't exist yet
and maybe never will. And they're the
two opinions that will dominate the next
three hours.
>> And when you look under the hood, what
actually is the money maker, right? What
is this company? Is it selling space or
is it selling connectivity? Is this
Starlink with a space rapper? And
essentially, if you take a look at where
the revenues come from, it is entirely
from Starlink. I mean, you're looking at
the actual $4.42 billion of profit
coming from there. Everything else is a
loss leader. The AI hopes and dreams.
The capex is 12.7 billion versus a loss
of $6.4 billion. I mean, you start
looking at these numbers and you can see
the skepticism. But is there an
alternative at a time that is
inflationary where cash is not an
alternative. That is part of the reason
why people are saying maybe it's worth
it. Maybe it's worth it to potentially
go into this.
>> You're worth it, Brema.
>> Thank you.
>> The IPO getting an assist this morning
from the White House in a major way.
Check out futures this morning. much
much higher. Check out crude much much
lower. The president saying this
yesterday, we've just made a great
settlement of the war with Iran and
we're going to be subject to
finalization of the documents which we
should get over the next few days.
Probably have a signing maybe in Europe.
The latest headlines coming out of the
team in Europe and beyond is that US and
Iran are nearing a peace deal around the
G7 meeting next week. Look at crude this
morning. WTI and Brent declining off the
back of this. What's fascinating is when
they're initially headlines saying that
the US is going to strike even harder in
Iran, the move was infantessible and we
said around this table, the market
doesn't believe this. They don't believe
that this is potentially going to be the
reescalation everybody was worried
about. And sure enough, they were right.
And frankly, the downside was nothing
compared to the upside in markets on the
announcement of some sort of ceasefire,
even though we've been here before. So
the idea it to me the takeaway is the
market action represents that people are
more leveraged to the upside of this are
more looking for the upside of this and
are ignoring some of the negative news
that potentially could prolong this
conflict.
>> Back in the 80s on Brent I've been
scarred. I keep going back to April
17th. Straight's going to reopen.
Straight didn't reopen. At this point
I'll believe it when I see it, but I'm
told we're getting closer and we're
getting closer. Well, when you take a
look at the state-l linked media agency
coming out of Iran, they were talking
about the 16 points that Iran was
agreeing on, one of them was an
immediate reopening of the strait under
Iranian guidelines. I mean, there are so
many questions. If you want to look at
the details, just don't, you know, the
less, you know, Chris Veron, I am
channeling you this morning. But if you
look at the details, you think, what
have we actually accomplished? Because
ultimately, these are the same sticking
points that we had maybe two months ago.
>> Stocks up by half of 1%, call it 6%
higher on the S&P, crude down by 4%.
Coming up this hour, Steve or Federated
with SpaceX set for its record-breaking
debut. PF Faradu of New Street Research
the first analyst call on the stock and
Justice Palmer Fortuna Investments as we
test the so-called Elon premium. We
begin this hour with stocks holding
steady as SpaceX prepares to make the
biggest market debut of all time.
Bloomberg's Ed Blow is breaking down the
numbers for us. Good morning, Ed.
>> Yeah, good morning John. So steady, $135
a share, 555.6 6 million shares the
valuation 1.8 8 trillion and this was
atypical this was unusual right there's
still a lot that will come out in the
wash and needs to be worked out on the
allocations but generally speaking Elon
Musk and the rest of the SpaceX seuite
controlled this the bankers will get
paid but it's not clear to me uh how
much work they did on it like there was
a lot of company control and the idea on
the retail allocation is that they
believe and the audience of blueber
surveillance may not like this but the
retail investor understands the story
much better than Wall Street does. It
was really interesting to hear you and
Lisa talk about this idea about the bull
case and the bear case or whether you
believe uh the Elon Musk part of the
story as a referendum on him or you you
focus on the numbers the lack of profit
and and how distant this is. You know
SpaceX has been pretty clear behind
closed doors yes but that if you are
investing in this IPO and participating
you are doing it on a very distant
future and timeline. Um there's this
idea that it pressures uh other IPOs
anthropic and open AI but what I found
very interesting in the last seven days
and constantly being on the phone with
everyone around the table is that they
see SpaceX as an asset one of one right
a much more diversified company than
people give it credit for but very
different to anthropic and open AI and
the idea that capital markets will
support all three that there'll be some
IPO window actually I don't think that
that is a widely held as widely a held
view as perhaps we've we previously
believed.
>> So Ed, it's a record-breaking IPO
without a doubt, but it's the second
biggest equity capital raise of the
month.
>> Exactly.
>> Alphabet with an upsized $85 billion in
the last couple of weeks. Ed, I just
wonder how quickly Elon Musk and SpaceX
will come back to the equity market to
tap it once again
>> quickly. Right. and and one indication
of that was the reporting we did that
even prior to trading today they'd
already got IG status from the three
main agencies credit rating agencies um
this is not a race to IPO it's a race
for capital and everyone is very clear
and very sort of comfortable with that
idea that you have to make a decision
there's not infinite liquidity in the
world people and in part that's why you
know when we were talking endlessly
about the IND indices or indexes
fast-tracking uh SpaceX inclusion and
the idea there'll be this massive
passive rebalancing like that is a
factor but also they'll come back to the
capital markets very quickly in
conjunction with Alphabet that's already
gone but probably also like you know the
reporting about Meta Amazon across debt
and equity um it's a really interesting
time but again I was listening to what
Lisa was saying every day somebody
phones me somebody already on the cap
table at SpaceX and says I actually
don't put too much on the software part
of the prospectus
and the 26.5 trillion TAM on enterprise
AI. This is a much more diversified
business currently. They've played a
blinder becoming a neocloud by renting
the capacities anthropic and Google, but
they are putting themselves in the same
capital race as the hyperscalers are.
You know, raise money, deploy capex.
>> Ed, it's good to see you. Looking
forward to your Cry this morning. Edllo
in New York. It's kind of nuts, isn't
it? Biggest IPO we've ever seen. almost
3x the previous biggest and it's only
the second biggest capital raise equity
capital raise of the month so far
>> as Ed and many others have said this is
a race to capital and you got bigger
ones in line that want to get in first
congratulations Alphabet you managed to
just frontun absolutely everyone and
let's see if you could do it again
>> here's the view on Wall Street this
morning Steve the Federated writing a
flood of supply is coming starting with
SpaceX today but the gap between equity
returns and their public market
alternatives remains large and should
continue to expand Steve welcome to the
program great to cover this
record-breaking story with you. What
does this market mean? What does this
IPO mean to this bull market? Steve, can
you frame that for us this morning?
>> Uh, well, we're at the beginning of a
new frontier here and it's very
exciting. Uh, and it's quite likely real
in our view. I mean, our guys have been
down there, uh, you know, Star Base, uh,
this a real company. It's got hard
assets, which is something we think is
coming back into favor now. and it's
opening up a whole new world. It's hard
to evaluate it entirely, but on a price
to sales basis, it's actually not as
crazy as some of the deals and some of
the evaluations of things like the SAS
companies uh five or six years ago. Uh
so yeah, it's uh we think this is very
real and is likely to be a pretty
successful IPO.
>> Steve, what are you buying when you buy
SpaceX? Are you buying the space
shuttles that are going to take us to
Mars? Are you buying data centers in
space or are you buying Starlink and the
promise of XAI?
>> Starlink gives you a kind of base, Lisa,
for sure. Uh, you know, kind of the cash
cow. I mean, it's hard to call a
business growing that quickly as a cash
cow, but uh the rest of the business uh
is potentially going to be
revolutionary. I mean if you can and
they have already demonstrated they can
bring stuff back and forth to space. uh
the cargo space that they've got there
is pretty large and it lowers the cost
by
you know thousands of multiple points um
to bring things back and forth to space
and we we don't we think data centers I
mean okay Elon is a little bit you know
optimistic but data centers in space are
not that far off I mean the biggest
problem they've got to solve is the
water you know the cooling problem uh
but they've got you know, they've got
ideas of how to do that. Uh the cost of
data centers is enormous right now. The
energy flow, etc. If you can eliminate
that, you change everything. So, that's
just one application, but could be
pretty significant here. Um
>> I'm not Elon Musk. I don't have the
creativity to come up with this stuff,
but I I'm sure people thought Thomas
Edison was nuts in his day as well.
Yeah, I'm looking up space suits
actually that uh can take me to Mars and
they cost they they cost a ton of money,
but they also weigh about 300 lb, but uh
extra vehicular mobility unit, maybe I
should invest in one. Steve, I wonder
what this says though about the broader
moment, not just investing in SpaceX and
some of these other IPOs during a race
to capital, but the alternative which is
cash in an inflationary environment. Is
this is there a feeling that it is
better to potentially jump on a train
that could end up being a bit
speculative? they're remaining in cash
that'll get blown out from inflation.
>> We think that one of the things that's
happening here, Lisa, when people
complain about the amount of capital
raises going on in the US right now, it
the first of all, they're dwarfed in
terms of the size of the US equity
market. So SpaceX 75 billion, the US
equity market is 75 trillion. That's
about a thousand times higher. Uh cash
you mentioned 7 trillion. fixed income
markets 150 trillion. You've got 150
billion, sorry. And then you've got uh
you know foreign equity markets are
about $55 trillion. So there's a lot of
money outside the US and outside of the
US equity market. And we we wrote a
piece a few weeks ago about this. You
know, maybe equities don't have a bond
problem. Maybe bonds have an equity
problem. I mean the if you look at the
returns on fixed income or cash relative
to equities over the last five years
it's been really really low. I mean in
fact fixed income is flat over the last
5 years and that included a big
downdraft in 22 which actually worse
than the downdraft in equities. So we
think what's happening here is the
markets are starting to figure out that
the e US equity market the way it's
structured the kind of companies that
we've got here the productivity gains
that are going on the unprecedented
margin expansion as you know we just
raised our outyear earnings estimates
again to 450 we think it's really quite
realistic uh going out two or three
years here so yeah the equity market
looks pretty good to us we're not going
to be shaken out. We've been telling our
clients, look, there could be a pullback
here. There's all these different
reasons. You guys, you know, have are
covering them really well. Um, including
the Fed chair new and the midterm
elections and the Iran war is up, it's
down, it's in between. Um, and and yeah,
there could be a near-term correction,
but we we don't want to sell rallies
here. We want to buy dips. And that's
what you do in secular bull markets. And
you know, sometimes it's hard to
recognize you're in a secular bull until
you you were in a secular bull, but
we're in one right now.
>> Steve, can we wrap it up with a 12-month
bet? No money involved. If you had to
take a bet right now, your best guess,
what's going to outperform in the next
12 months? The NASDAQ with those IPOs
included or the S&P 500 without them?
>> S&P 500. We're expecting a broadening
out here. In fact, we've already had a
broading out year to date. small caps
are way ahead of the S&P 500 and we
anticipate yeah that the broadening out
is going to happen. The companies
feeding SpaceX are going to do well. The
whole in the whole the whole
infrastructure is is growing out right
now and and we think that's probably
good for the broader market.
>> Okay, Steve, good to see you. It's great
to catch up as always. Thank you. Steve
author of Federated on this
record-breaking SpaceX IPO.
>> You know, I'm really getting into this
NASA Z2 space suit. I I'm thinking about
investing in it for my sons because I
think it could actually be really
helpful when they're fixing the data
centers in space.
>> This is the conversation we'll have
throughout this morning. How do you
value a company like this? If you took
Elon Musk out of it, would it be worth 1
point?
>> Not this conversation. You're just going
to ignore that. Move on.
>> Make it a little bit more
>> sophisticated. Carry on.
>> Are we valuing this on Starlink? Is it a
comps company or is it XAI? Is it
orbitable data centers, etc. Is it an AI
infrastructure company? What is it? What
will it be? What is it now? And what
will it be? And how do you value it with
that in mind? It seems like the overlay
of the promise of space which as Steve
was talking about there are some really
real prospects and frankly the reason
why Elon Musk star SpaceX has done so
well is because they can take satellites
up to space for other countries and
entities to create connectivity. If you
can leverage that that could be sorry a
moonshot
>> a moonshot going to get plenty of puns
this morning aren't we? Futures this
morning positive by 0.5% on the S&P with
an update on stories worldwide with your
Bloomberg brief. Isabelle Lee has more.
Hey Isabelle. Hi John. President Donald
Trump saying quote we ended the war with
Iran. The president saying a deal will
be signed imminently. Iran semiofficial
news agency mayor saying the US and
Thrron are still negotiating a potential
agreement. And it's officially the
biggest initial public offering of all
time. SpaceX raising $75 billion in its
IPO, pricing more than 555 million
shares at $135 each. At that price, Elon
Musk company has a market value of about
$1.8 trillion. And of course, this
historic IPO set to make Elon Musk the
world's first trillionaire when
combining his stake in SpaceX with his
Tesla holdings and other investments and
properties. His net worth tops $1
trillion. John, that's your Bloomberg
brief.
>> Crazy. Absolutely crazy. Isabelle, thank
you. Appreciate it. Up next on the
program, SpaceX preparing for launch.
Anyone that's owning SpaceX, you're
you're buying it for the Musk factor.
>> I think there's plenty of of money for
these iconic IPOs. This is feels like a
milestone moment.
>> Up next, we'll catch up with Pierre Feru
of New Street Research live from New
York City this morning. Good morning.
A record-breaking IPO, an unbelievable
amount of money, $75 billion raised. The
previous record was about 29. That was a
Ramco. We have dwarfed that. Absolutely
dwarfed that with this one from Elon
Musk and SpaceX. For the broader equity
market, better than good this morning.
We're up by about 0.5% on the S&P on the
Nasdaq up by a similar amount. Crude
with a helping hand, an assist from the
White House. Crude down by close to 4%.
We're back in the 80s on Bren as we
drift closer and closer to a signing
ceremony, we're told, between Iran, the
US, and others.
>> Yeah, it's going to happen next week at
the G7 meeting because now everything is
fine after the momentary threat to
potentially escalate quite
significantly. The idea that we're
seeing the lowest oil prices going back
four months gives you a sense of just
how much people have moved on. And
ultimately, you can tell by the fact
that the market didn't bid up prices of
oil significantly yesterday and the
threat of escalation. You can see where
the biases.
>> They moved on a long time ago. They've
moved on even more. Under surveillance
this morning, SpaceX preparing for
launch.
>> Anyone that's owning SpaceX, you're
you're buying it for the Musk factor.
>> The majority of the opportunity here is
really in the AI compute space.
>> This is feels like a milestone moment. I
think this cycle is so powerful that you
have to be involved in these. It's just
a matter of how much and what the timing
is.
>> I think there's plenty of money for
these iconic IPOs.
>> This is a war for capital.
>> SpaceX making a historic public debut,
raising a record-breaking $75 billion,
the biggest IPO of all time, pushing
Elon Musk closer to trillionaire status.
Bian Farugu of New Street Research
becoming the first analyst to initiate
coverage of the stock with a buy rating
and 165 price target writing the space
opportunity is large and diversified.
Our $2.3 trillion valuation assumes they
win 75% of this market. Pierre joins us
for more. Pier good morning sir it's
good to see you.
>> Morning John.
>> We've got coms launch AI infrastructure.
What's driving the valuation of this
company?
>> It's an excellent question. Uh when we
looked at that, we figured out about
half the valuation of SpaceX today comes
actually from combining artificial
intelligence
uh and space because space today is a
lot of cash flow. It's very cash
generative. The telecom business is
generating a lot of cash and if you have
access to your own cash flow in AI, you
can buy your own infrastructure that
makes it much cheaper for you. You don't
have to pay a margin to a cloud provider
providing you your infrastructure. You
have to imagine Antropic and OpenAI are
raising money in the market to pay the
bill but they can't buy their own data
centers and XAI is by building their own
data center. Massive competitive
advantage and then you look at that
further down the line in five years from
now SpaceX will be in a position to
really put to orbit gaw data center.
Let's sit on that story because that
forms the valuation in a major way.
>> Yes.
>> Does the technology exist that forms the
basis of that story
>> or is this another full self-driving
over a Tesla? That's what the critics
will ask this morning. How do you
address that question?
>> So you look at um um the technology road
map of the industry today which is about
um stuffing more and more compute power
into um bigger and bigger integrated
packages. This is really what space
needed in terms of compute and this is
in the road maps today and it's like it
was in the road map before we looked
really seriously at space. So I think
there is no significant technology road
map
>> at this point. How much more money do
they need to raise for capex because I'm
looking at some of the capex
expectations for the different units
whether it's AI space or connectivity
you're talking more than $20 billion. I
mean how much more are they going to tap
the market for?
>> Yeah it's a good question. So we have
our own forecast. We are not in this
indicate. We uh are not like in a in the
game of like pushing up the forecast as
much as we have. To give you an idea, we
think the company tops like $200 billion
of revenues in 2030 at that level of
growth, which is less than what the the
syndicate is pitching. Uh we think the
company uh can sustain itself without
raising more money. If they want to grow
faster, if they can grow faster, they
could go back to the market um to to
raise more capital. and it's mostly
going to be about building out the data
centers.
>> How much is SpaceX paving the way for
open AI and anthropic versus a
completely different story that is
hinged to the hopes and dreams of Elon
Musk and the cult factor among retail
investors.
>> It's a good question. I guess um uh the
it's a very very unique um uh story
equity story. you see like four times
over subscri it's a quarter of a
trillion dollar interested in investing
in uh in SpaceX investors we speak to uh
are more interested in understanding
like the border space opportunity than
the specifics of uh of the AI story but
they come to realize and understand that
actually it's combining space and AI
that really creates the opportunity.
>> What is the Musk premium here? If you
took him out of this story, what's the
company worth? Well, I guess that you
wouldn't have rockets flying without
him, right? So, the the the Musk premium
is extremely uh significant. It's
critical simply because the timeline uh
only Musk can put up the timeline and
say, "Oh, I'll have all these data
centers in in in orbit in
>> people believe it too."
>> I don't know. I think people buy accept
the idea that if Mus says I'm going to
do it in three years, people are like
there is a very high priority it's going
to happen in seven or eight years and
then you know it's a whole discounting
game where the Musk faster is you accept
a discounting on a much longer period of
time but that's because it's Musk like
that's the way Tesla is trading today.
>> What happens if he leaves?
>> Is he going to leave? No.
Well, it's like
>> Thank you. I appreciate it.
>> It's It's a good It's a good question.
He never left. So, it's a we don't have
a precedent for that.
>> So, the answer is just no.
>> Musk Musk's talent is to attract talent.
Uh so like the density of talent at X uh
at SpaceX, at Tesla is incredible. Uh so
the days he leaves, he's not driving
anymore. I mean like we were wondering
the same about Apple a decade ago with
Steve Jobs and so we will have to see.
>> I've only got 45 seconds left. So this
is a a few words if you can. How quickly
before we combine Tesla and SpaceX?
We're talking months, years.
>> Um yeah, it's a good question. Uh I
think right now is not ideal because
Tesla is spending anyway a lot of money
on their own and on the teraf some of
that will help Tesla. Uh and then once
they do that, it's very interesting to
have access to the free cash of Tesla
and then there is an element which is uh
politics uh which is like it's probably
easier to do it before the end of 2028
than later.
>> Pierre, it's good to see you. Thank you
buddy. Pierre Fer there of New Street.
What an achievement by Elon Musk from
New York City. You're watching Bloomberg
TV.
future is positive this morning up a
third of 1% on the S&P back on track on
the NASDAQ up by2%. The equity market
rally fading just a little bit in the
last 15 minutes. We'll get to the Iran
factor in just a moment. Yes, we have to
talk about it. I know some of you don't
want to talk about it. Some of you being
bra, but
>> we'll spend some time talking about
>> it's totally important. It's just an
absolutely frust. It's a maddening
story.
>> I agree with you. I totally agree with
you.
>> Yeah, I think of market.
>> Don't get push back from me. I think
everyone's absolutely exhausted by all
of this. The equity market back on track
and heading towards a 10th week of gains
out of the last 11, which is crazy.
Let's turn to the bond market. Twos,
tens, and 30s. Yields looking like this
this morning. Things are quiet,
unchanged. Twos at around 4%, 10's
around 445. 30s are dip below 5%, 495,
helped out by this move in crude, which
has been declining in the last 24 hours
or so. Crude down about 3% to 87 on
Brent back in the 80s, which is crazy.
85 on WTI. Bear in mind that we were $10
higher Monday morning on Brent crude
getting closer to a deal. I'm told the
contours of that deal though push back
from Iran about what will and won't
happen in the next few weeks.
>> The idea of the straight of moose going
back to the way it was before the war
where there was free passageway is not
in their cards. They would like to have
some control over the straight of which
makes sense given the fact that is a
huge point of leverage. Again we go back
to how much has actually been settled
with these negotiations. There has been
though a change in the understanding of
the supply demand dynamic and Dan
Stroven over at Goldman Sachs put out a
note saying he's actually downgrading
his expectation for price in 2027
because you have some of the uh
countries in the region increasing their
output and you have a structural decline
in demand coming from places like China
>> for now at least
>> for now
>> they can change
>> you know but I'm with you the
electrification of ch etc we've seen
demands drop they've pulled back a lot
>> which is part of the reason why you
haven't seen Perhaps a bit of a spike
upward in the face of some negative
news.
>> Red crude this morning down by about 3%.
We'll spend some time on that in a
moment. On our radar this morning, our
top story, the SpaceX IPO raising $75
billion in the biggest market debut of
all time. The record offering at 135 per
share, putting Elon Musk on the verge of
becoming the world's first trillionaire.
Black Rockck seeking to buy at least $5
billion worth of SpaceX shares. Sources
telling us here at Bloomberg, the firm
joins Middle Eastern investment funds
offering to place orders of a billion
dollars or more. shares experiencing a
surge in shadow trading and pre-listing
markets. Derivatives from brokerages
like IG indicated an expected opening
price of 180 to 184, a 35% premium above
the 135 IPO price.
>> This is going to be really important to
watch because A, it sets the tone for
the other IPOs that are coming to
market. B, it raises questions about the
way this was done. A price set before
even the road show, which is notable,
and C, it really highlights just how
much demand was left on the table. You
talked about skepticism about how far
overs subscribed this deal was. That is
always what people say cuz you put in a
greater bask for the allocation because
you know you're not going to get it. If
you do see a rally like that, you might
be able to conclude that that was
actually real demand ahead of the
inclusion in indexes and ahead of what a
lot of people are expecting is a sea
change in understanding of our place in
the universe.
>> In some ways, this is the Elon Musk IPO
in some ways. In fact, in many ways, we
were just talking to Pierre Farugu.
Without that individual, this company
isn't where it is this morning and this
stock isn't where it would be this
morning. There is only one man that
could have really pulled this off. So,
it's difficult for me to look at this
story and say this is what it means for
the broader market. I don't really know.
This is what it means for everything
that Elon Musk owns because there are so
many people that follow him and are
willing to bet on him.
>> The idea though that they're willing to
bet on him right now, given how much
money he's raised in all of his
companies, gives you a sense that people
want dreamers right now. And I don't
want to get too philosophical, but there
is $8 trillion in in money market funds
right now. I was just looking at this.
That's up from $3 trillion back in 2018.
It has been a huge climb. If people want
to put that money to work at a time that
everyone is saying is an industrial
revolution. Well, why wouldn't they bet
on feasible propositions that could
potentially be gamechanging? I mean,
it's an infinite universe, literally, in
terms of the market share if you do
monopolize space.
>> It's a massive bet on the future.
Elsewhere, we've got to talk about this
story. The president insisting a deal
with Iran is very close after reversing
his threat of more military strikes.
>> We just made a great settlement of
the war with Iran and we're going to be
uh subject to finalization of documents.
We should get done over the next few
days. Probably have a signing maybe in
Europe.
>> Iran state media reporting Iran and
Washington are negotiating a potential
deal. The details still not yet
finalized. Tyler Kendall has the latest.
Hey, Tyler.
>> Okay, John. Well, new this morning,
senior G7 officials tell Bloomberg News
that a senior Iranian official did
indicate that a deal could be likely and
signed as soon as this weekend in
Geneva. Yesterday, President Trump
indicated that Vice President JD Vance
could take part in any such ceremony.
The president himself isn't expected to
land in Europe for the G7 summit until
Monday, but our reporting does caution
that at this point Iran has not
indicated that it is ready to sign and
that previous diplomatic progress hasn't
materialized. We're trying to figure out
exactly what could be in this memorandum
of understanding amid a flurry of
reports from Iranian state media this
morning that the two sides are working
on apparently a 14point
agreement. But some headlines crossing
that could risk derailing this progress,
including this one from just moments
ago. But Iran says that it will not
restore the status in the Hermuz Strait
to what it was to pre-war levels. Other
contingencies that Iran has demanded in
this agreement include seeing the US
unfreeze at least half of its frozen
assets and oil sanctions need to be
lifted. Other than that, we also are
learning that Iran is still demanding
that a ceasefire needs to extend to
Israel's front against the Iranianbacked
militant group Hezbollah. These are all
risks here that could uh stall the
progress going forward. Though at this
point, the White House says that
diplomacy is still viable.
>> Tyler, stay close. I have a feeling
we'll have more headlines between now
and the end of this program. Tyler
Kendall down in Washington, DC. To build
on the conversation, the former deputy
national security adviser, Victoria
Coat, writes the following. President
Trump has demonstrated that he can bomb
what he wants, when he wants in Iran,
and there's little or nothing the regime
can do about it. Victoria joins us now
for more. Victoria, welcome back to the
program. The US has demonstrated
repeatedly that it has military
superiority over Iran, both in the skies
and intelligence and so on and so forth.
How do they ensure the US that they
translate that superiority into a
superior deal that benefits the US?
>> Well, good morning, John. Yeah, I think
we've actually seen that play out in
real time over the last couple of days.
And I admit I am a little nervous that
Tyler's going to pop pop back up with
another another changing headline in
this current news cycle. A lot of things
are are shifting. So take all this with
a grain of salt. But it looks like what
happened from to my eye is that, you
know, everybody thought the president
was done with kinetic action. He wasn't
going to go back in. The Iranians were,
as he says, tap tap tapping the
Americans along. And he decided, you
know what? We can go back in. we can go
and bomb a bunch of these sites and I've
heard them described as blinding uh
targets. So, you're getting rid of their
radars, their avail ability to see
things, their ability to launch
missiles. Uh did it for two nights and
then threatened Car Island. And I think
the Iranians thought, "Wow, maybe this
isn't what we've been dealing with for
the last 45 years." And that we we need
to make a deal or else we're going to
sustain damage that we can't recover
from. So, I do think that military
superiority is a fact. We are the ones
who are stopping ships in the strait
right now. They are threatening ships,
but we're shooting down their drones.
We're the ones who are actually
disabling the tankers. So, that's the
reality the Iranians uh face. Hopefully,
it means they're going to start making
some better decisions.
>> Victoria, with all due respect, I'm
looking at what the market reaction was
yesterday. And that was not the
interpretation of the of the market.
When the initial headlines came out in
the two social post from President
Trump, the reaction in markets was we
don't believe you. You've talked about a
potential escalation before. Why should
this be any different? And essentially,
if you take a look at what Maris is
reporting, the semiofficial news agency
out of Iran, it's a 16point deal or
14point deal that includes some that are
still very controversial and similar to
what they were a couple of months ago.
What gives you confidence that anything
was accomplished?
>> Well, I mean, I don't actually get my
news from uh they haven't proven
terribly reliable in the past. what they
tend to be is a messaging device
actually to the Iranian people from the
regime. They're trying to signal to the
Iranians what they want to have in this
deal. And so this is and to my eye a lot
of wishful thinking out of the Iranian
regime. I'm going to wait and see what's
actually in the deal uh before before I
just you know make up my mind about it.
But you obviously Lisa we're dealing
with the Iranians. Uh they have been
obstreporous before. that is their
that's that's their brand if you will
and they're going to try to continue the
the sort of stalemate we're in as long
as we can. But I think the fact that the
president has both been willing to do
hugely more than any other American
president to degrade that regime, to
degrade their nuclear program, to demand
his red lines, and then was willing this
week, you know, when in a situation
where there is significant political
pressure on him to, you know, wrap this
up, get to a deal, any deal. But he
hasn't been doing that. He's been
sticking to his red lines. So, you know,
as I said, I'm going to wait and see
what's actually in the deal rather than
believe mayor. And, you know, as for
market reaction, I mean, the stock
market went up a,000 points yesterday.
That's that's not a bad thing.
>> Well, Victoria, what gives you
confidence that this time something has
changed in the negotiating position from
Iran?
>> Well, it does look it looks to me like
they are shifting that they are
realizing that the situation for them is
one of diminishing returns. And so, you
know, they can demand to have control
over the strait going forward, but the
fact of the matter is that the rest of
the region that they've so completely
alienated is busily building
infrastructure to make that completely
irrelevant. Uh, so you have the the um
Saudi petroline pipeline that we've
discussed. We've got UAE building the uh
the Fira pipeline around the street and
talk of a natural gas pipeline that
Qatar would have access to across this
uh the the Arabian Peninsula. So the the
Iranians are in a position where they
have fewer and fewer cards even if they
are uh if if they are obstinate at the
negotiating table and eventually you
know they're they're just not going to
have that much regional leverage.
>> Thank goodness the Saudis build the East
West pipeline. Bremo. Thank goodness
they've done that. We've been in a very
different position over the last 3
months.
>> Yeah, and everybody is saying that more
pipelines like that will be built, but
it's going to take a while, potentially
years, especially as they're all trying
to do it at the same time and materials
are limited.
>> Victoria, always good to catch up. We'll
keep tracking this. We'll get you back
on if things change. Things will
probably change. The former deputy
national security adviser, Victoria
Coats there. The latest on energy a
little bit later. The Bloomberg Energy
Security Executive Briefing with An
Marie. That's where she is. She's on the
road now.
>> Yeah. And in Houston, Texas, I believe.
>> Yeah. Just want to make a quick note.
Um, Houston, I believe, is a short jump
over to San Antonio.
>> You suggesting she's not there to catch
up with the energy secretary and Mike
Worth a chef?
>> I think it's a very convenient kind of
meeting. And Saturday night, I mean,
that's that's her that's her that's her
that's her that's her break uh to get
refreshed before she goes to San Antonio
for Saturday night's game
>> to watch the basketball. That's what
this is all about. Dale points. Did we
just have Dow points quoted on the
program a little bit ago? About a few
minutes ago, Victoria Coats quoting down
points. All right,
>> that was good. Get a memo to the
Heritage Foundation. We don't do down
points over here. All right.
>> If you want, please you you can go do
that
>> to the control room. Let's fix that.
Okay. Let's get you an update on stories
elsewhere this morning with your
Bloomberg brief. Isabelle Lee has more.
Here Isabelle.
>> Hi, John. This SpaceX IPO drawing demand
for more than four times the available
shares. Retail traders placing more than
hundred billion in orders for the stock.
The company is expected to allocate 20%
of the available shares to retail
investors, which means most orders won't
be filled. And shares of Adobe trading
lower in pre-market. The company
announcing record second quarter results
and announcing its CFO is leaving next
week. Adobe's CEO said in March he would
be stepping down once his successor has
been appointed. And in sports news, the
World Cup is officially underway. Mexico
winning the first of 104 matches. The
co-host defeating South Africa 220 to 0.
The United States is playing its first
game against Paraguay at 900 PM tonight.
That's your Bloomberg brief. John
>> Isabelle, thank you for the update. What
was that game about? The first game, the
official shelling of that game.
>> Well, free red cards.
>> Red cards. Yes. Instead of yellow cards.
Although, you know, you can't just go
and and sock someone. You can't just go
if you don't like them, you can't just
go punch.
>> I didn't think it was that violent.
>> I did. He's like reaching across.
>> You So, you think that's acceptable?
>> I think it used to be.
>> Okay. But it's not anymore. Now we have
rules.
>> Yeah, I get that. We've got video
replays.
>> We've got video replays. Some of them
though, I mean, I think was were a
little bit
>> be have to leave an elbow in Brema.
>> Yeah. With like brass knuckles. Yeah.
You played a different different kind of
>> I certainly did not different kind of
football.
>> I certainly did not play like that. Up
next on the program, a big test for
capital markets.
>> It's a momentous transaction. It shows
you that the the capital markets led by
the US capital markets, but the global
capital markets are demonstrating a
willingness to finance this AI
infrastructure build and this build in
space. Up next, we'll catch up with
Justice Palmer of Fortunate Investments
from New York City this morning. You're
watching Bloomberg TV.
live from New York City. Welcome to the
program. Equity futures this morning
positive by 0.4% on the NASDAQ up by a
third. I call it the supply monster. We
have had so much equity supply, debt
supply too, in the last few months. When
we caught up with Ad Low earlier on this
morning, we were talking about the fact
that this is the biggest IPO we've ever
seen, almost by a factor of three, more
than two times the size of a Ramco. And
yet it's only the second biggest equity
offering equity raise we've seen in just
the last few weeks.
>> Alphabet came out earlier and dwarfed
this uh before you. It starts to raise a
question. We've seen all of these debt
raises that have been huge, right? We
see Oracle with more than hundred
billion dollars of debt that they've
raised in the past couple of years and
people just were talking about how
that's big debt issuance. But now equity
is getting into the game at actually a
lesser value point. So, how much does
this distort valuations in equity
markets or equity markets expanding to
include the opportunities in space and
beyond?
>> Accommodating a record-breaking IPO and
Savannah this morning, a big test for
capital markets.
>> It's a momentous transaction. It preages
the beginning of a pretty sizable wave
of IPOs. It shows you that the the
capital markets led by the US capital
markets, but the global capital markets
are demonstrating a willingness to
finance this AI infrastructure build and
this build in space.
>> Here's the latest this morning. SpaceX a
record IPO testing the Elon premium and
igniting debate over the $ 1.8 trillion
valuation. Fortuna Investment CEO and
SpaceX shareholder Justice Palmer thinks
the price is right, writing, IPOs priced
too high tend to pop briefly and then
trade underwater. A valuation that
leaves room for the stock to run is far
better than one that sets it up to
disappoint. Justice joins us now for
more. Justice, welcome to the program.
I've talked about the blind spot that I
have. A blind spot that I have to
imagine what these companies could be.
And if this was not 2026 and it was
1997, I'd ask the following question.
How is a book seller priced at 28 times
sales? How can this company do anything
other than sell books? What will it be?
I've got no idea. Are people asking
similar questions about this company and
are they the right questions?
>> Yeah, good morning John. Great to see
you. And I I I absolutely unequivocally
think that those are the right
questions, right? Cuz um you know the
valuation in any kind of conservative
approach or pragmatic right now numbers
probably don't line up the way that most
fundamental and certainly most value
investors um see things, right? But to
your point, you're always able to grow
into something if you are a one of one,
a very generational uh type of company.
And so keep in mind, I mean, I just want
to flag two things on on what you said
there, John. One, I mean, you were
talking about uh, you know, the Amazon
IPO in in the late '90s. So, keep in
mind, Amazon actually went out at about
a $400 million valuation for whatever
it's worth. Yes, the metrics were, you
know, kind of uh aggressive, but the the
value of that company is only around
$400 million. You think of that, right?
And I only flagged that because what the
retail and institutional investors were
able to do in that situation was they
were actually able to ride the stock
over 20 years in the public markets. And
so I just want to deviate that from what
we're seeing this morning with SpaceX
coming out at let's say two trillion. Um
a lot of that growth has actually
happened in the private markets uh
versus the public markets for whatever
it's worth.
>> So that's the question I want to ask
about this particular IPO. So here we
are at 90 times trading sales and this
time we're raising $75 billion and in
many ways we're talking about a future
that doesn't exist yet by definition and
we don't necessarily have the technology
to fulfill it. Why do you have the face
that we will in the not too distant
future?
>> Well, I I think if you look at the you
know the background of human
civilization or or American you know uh
business I mean we we're always doing
things that are impossible. I mean what
what seems you know what seems very
plausible and plausible today wasn't the
case 10 or 20 years ago. So we've got
great, you know, worldclass oneofone
generational entrepreneurs, folks like
Elon Musk, folks like Jeff Bezos, who
you mentioned before. And so these
people are always going up to the plate
to try and do the impossible. And that
is, I think, the story, right? I mean,
there was no reusable rockets before
Elon Musk showed up. There was none of,
you know, there certainly wasn't the
cadence of satellites going into uh
outer space before Elon Musk showed up.
And so um I I think that is the story.
And so um you know obviously the bare
case is is you know 90 times sales
doesn't make any sense but the other
side of that is if these entrepreneurs
can continue to keep innovating the
capital markets can keep funding their
their their dreams I you know magical
stuff really happens and and I think
what you probably will see and and again
the the the not too distant future is a
a relative term for a lot of different
folks. So, what I would say is the next
5 to 10 years, I think the what we I
think what's plausible is the company
starts to double sales year-over-year,
let's say they're doing $20 billion this
year, I think they can get to 40 next
year. I think they can get to 80 the the
year behind that and start to really get
that flywheel moving. And then from that
perspective, I think the valuation
backwards looking will tend to make a
lot more sense.
>> Justice, magical things are happening in
space. some magical things are happening
in your bank account because if you got
in early, you are one of the lucky ones
that we're all thinking about this
morning and being incredibly envious of.
What do you do with the new billions
that you have? I mean, and this is a
real question as as a in a a stage
agnostic investor as you are, do you
keep it in SpaceX or do you liquidate it
and get in early on others that could be
the next SpaceX?
Well, I mean that's a great question and
thanks for kind of flagging that and and
so I mean what I'll say and I can only
speak for myself is you know we at
Fortuna we're very long-term fundamental
shareholders and and and we wouldn't
have had a chance or opportunity to to
let the market compound or SpaceX
compound if we had just maybe purchased
it today. We've we've owned this SpaceX
for many many many years. We we bought
more of the IPO and and and so the idea
isn't to flip it. Uh I I know we're in
an age of instant gratification and and
quick trading and trading strategies and
things like that, but the most, you
know, fundamental rule of investing is
letting compounding work for you. And
and statistically speaking, when you
have these great winners, you have to
let them run. You really want to let
them run and let compounding work itself
out. And it's very difficult because
there will be pullbacks, there'll be
overvaluation, there'll be all sorts of
stuff. But generally speaking, when
you've got a winner and you know, and
I'm talking about worldclass companies,
I would unequivocally put SpaceX in in
that bucket. You want to let these
things run.
>> Do you think that Anthropic and Open AAI
will have a similar type of welcoming to
the public world?
>> I think it's going to be an interesting,
you know, experiment of sorts. I I I
think um, you know, look, you guys know
this, it's never been done before. What
I will say is is the you want to be out
early. I think Elon's done a great job
of really pushing his team team and his
crew to get this stock out early because
you're cleaning a lot of money out of
the market. And so as the IPOs continue
to stack on, you start to inherently
develop risk because if one of them
starts to trade underwater, um it's
going to have a fallover effect on the
one preceding that one. And and then
obviously you've got market factors,
you've got, you know, presidential uh
cycles and and geopolitics and things
like that. So, I think it's too early to
say to, you know, we'll have to have
that conversation hopefully once we're
once they're, uh, at bat. But, um, what
I can say all else equal is being first
is is being pretty good.
>> You mentioned you participated, Justice.
Did you get the equity that you wanted?
Did you ask for more than actually you
wanted? What did you get?
>> I I I didn't I mean, look, you never get
enough of the things that you want,
right? So, I we didn't get what we
wanted. Um that said, there was a you
know there's a couple different banks
that were on the file. So we were trying
to get it from kind of a few different
banks, but um I I can attest it was very
heavily heavily oversubscribed. Uh so we
look forward to the trading in the in
the coming hours this morning.
>> Justice, appreciate your time. Thanks
for being here. Thank you, sir. Justice
Palmer there at Fortuna Investments on
the future and the bet on Elon and this
company.
>> Justice is having a great day today. I
mean, without a doubt.
>> What I mean, what do you think he's
going to do for dinner tonight?
>> He looked pretty happy today. I think
that he
>> st in a very expensive bottle
>> at least, right? I mean, this is
something that people have talked about.
All of a sudden, there's an entire rank
and file of SpaceX billionaires now
coming to the for all these people,
including a lot of the employees who own
shares and what are they going to do
with all of that money? Are they going
to take it to Mars with them? Are they
going to spend it on mansions? But this
actually goes to a point that you and I
have talked about a lot. Yeah.
>> Which is inflation. And I'm sorry, like,
you know, this is
>> turning into bonds again.
>> We have to kind of give a sense. There's
a lot of money going into a lot of
things and you just have to wonder how
much of that's going to trickle into the
real economy.
>> I think on days like these, it's really
easy to sit here and be these skeptical
smug journalists. I can do it because
we're not in it.
>> I can do it with ease. It's a company
that's losing money. The tech doesn't
exist yet. We're trading at 90 times
plus trending sales. What are we doing
here? It doesn't make any sense. That's
the easy thing to do on a morning like
this morning. You could have done that
repeatedly in the 90s. As you sit here
this morning, the harder thing to do is
to try and imagine this working out.
Imag actually imagine it working out in
a positive way.
>> You can already see it. If you really
want to be bullish on this, it's not
that hard given how many rockets he's
already gotten up there and satellites
uh circling and the promise of actually
data centers in space and sort of the
solar energy that could potentially
power that. I mean, that's pretty
ambitious.
>> You should clip these programs this
morning on all these different networks,
play them out in 5 to 10 years. We'll
see how accurate the truth was. You know
how close we got to that moment
>> where they were in bunkers.
>> Yeah. From New York City. You're
watching Bloomberg TV.
>> We're at the point where the stuff you
generally see ahead of market peaks has
happened.
>> The big companies that are already
public are going to the capital markets
and draining them.
>> AI policy is probably the biggest market
event. There's a lot of other things
going on in this market.
>> This is going to be a marathon, not a
sprint. That's a kind of multi-year
phenomenon.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz, and
An Marie Hordern.
>> Live from New York City this morning.
Good morning. Good morning from our
audience worldwide. The second hour of
Bloomberg surveillance starts right now,
and your price action looks like this.
Equities up by 0.4% on the S&P 500, up a
third on the NASDAQ. Off the back of
this, as widely expected, widely
anticipated, a recordbreaking IPO from
SpaceX, a $1.8 trillion market cap,
we've raised $75 billion.
>> Yeah, and a lot of people are pointing
to what the shadow pricing has for the
pop that this will get on the first day
of actual trading, which is indicated
around 35%. This is interesting for a
couple of reasons, most notably because
the price was set before this IPO
happened. Normally, it's a price
discovery process, not this time. So, if
these shares do pop by 35% in the
initial trading, it will indicate just
how much demand there is to get a slice
of Elon Musk.
>> From what we've heard so far, tremendous
demand in that order book, particularly
from retail. We'll spend some time on
that in the next hour or so. We've
already framed up the two arguments this
morning, haven't we? The more skeptical
view, it's 90 times training sales is
unprofitable. The tech doesn't exist.
And then just this idea that you should
never bet against Elon Musk because the
same arguments made up against this
company have been made against Tesla and
Tesla for a lot of the time has proven
the doubters wrong. The stock price has
proven the doubters wrong.
>> Yeah. And frankly, there's a lot of
actual technology behind this that
supports that even more than some of the
previous arguments, including the fact
that he already has rockets that have
proven themselves. And that's no small
feat considering how many rockets people
have to send up that explode that have
problems before they realize exactly how
to do something. The fact that he has a
head start on that at a time when the
satellites in space are dictating a lot
of our connectivity are dictating our
GPS systems are dictate getting national
security is a reason why people see the
profitability in certain slices of this
business see the diversified business
and are getting say look as someone who
grew up on science fiction it wasn't my
own desire but sort of imposed on the
family I could just say like this is
actually
>> it's not therapy bra
>> this is actually kind of incredible it's
coming to you know it's like the doll's
coming out you know it's you wonder what
Mars will be like.
>> Yeah, that wasn't what I was thinking. I
was thinking about a conversation we're
about to have with Ed Lllo about raising
capital.
>> Please do.
>> We can have the sci-fi conversation at
the break if you want. When we asked him
about how quickly they'd come back and
he almost immediately just said really
quickly, we'll catch up with Ed in a
moment. That's what this is about. And I
thought of that moment between Jamie
Diamond and Elon Musk. And the JP Morgan
boss asked Elon like the first question,
why did you want to go public? And he
just went to raise capital. to raise
capital. It's a capital event. It's
about raising capital
>> and we're going to see more of that in
the not too distant future.
>> It's a race for capital as many people
have said, but when you take a look at
the different uh sections of the
business, Starlings has an expected
capex for last year of just $4.2
billion. It will probably increase. AI,
the XAI and X had a capex of about 12.7
billion. And you can see the capex for
the space aspect had almost $4 billion
of capex. You can probably multiply that
given their ambitions for growth.
Where's that money going to come from?
>> You want to talk about oil? Crude down
this morning. Brent, WTI,
>> Lisa's favorite story. We're getting
closer to a deal. Trading in the 80s on
Brent this morning.
>> Yeah. Well, the market believes we're
closer to a deal and ultimately it seems
like President Trump really wants to get
a deal, which possibly is the key aspect
here that markets are welcoming because
they didn't believe him when he said he
was going to escalate based on the price
action. They do believe that the idea of
wanting a destination that's an easier
one is a positive. Whether it comes to
fruition when you get into the details,
just keep channeling Chris Veron. The
less you know, the less you know.
>> The less you know.
>> 87 on Brent, 84 on WTI. Coming up this
hour, Stuart Kaiser of City as Wall
Street gears up for the SpaceX trading
debut. Brian Hamilton of Abrigo on why
the stock is, in his words,
extraordinarily overvalued. And Zack
Griffith is a credit science on the
unprecedented credit landscape for the
company. We begin this hour with stocks
higher heading into a record-breaking
trading debut for SpaceX. Blimp's Ed
Lllo is back with us. Ed, what are you
looking for throughout this morning?
Yeah, I still think it's really
interesting where the allocations go.
You know, we we we talk about this idea
that the retail investors know better
than Wall Street does on the story, but
like a lot of the decision to make this
unprecedented retail allocation was the
belief that the retail core will just
hold the stock for much longer. So yes,
there will be some crazy trading today
when we get uh kick things off. Um and
and you know there is only the float
that can be traded, but I think that's
going to be very interesting because a
lot of these uh guys, you know, on on
the institutional side, they kind of
already on the cap table. My world's
very different, John, like right now
than it was say even 5 years ago where
we wrote the story of how big the
windfall for the venture capitalists
will be. But if you look at the private
rounds and this is definitely relevant
to the idea of anthropic and open AAI
following suit the mutual funds and some
of those long only asset managers are
already there in the private markets. So
I think it's just so fascinating to see
who ends up being holders you know when
we when we go to the bar this evening.
>> Couple of headlines just crossing just
to share them with our audience. So
according to NASDAQ the IPO of SpaceX
will be released for quotation at 9:50
Eastern time eligible for trading at
10:00 a.m. Eastern time. Ed, just give
us the time frame here, the playbyplay
over the next several hours.
>> Yeah, I mean, uh, basically those
institutional investors and and the
retail investors will be waking up to
know find out their allocations right
now and in the coming hours. That 10:00
a.m. Eastern time, you get an
indication, you know, more solid than
the gray or shadow markets would give
you on opening price. When is trading
going to start? You know, can't say for
certain, but 1:00 p.m. Eastern is is is
possible. 2 p.m. Eastern. Um, and what's
so interesting is like that leaves you 3
hours left in the trading day on Friday
for the biggest IPO in history. It' be
very interesting to see literally what
happens minute by minute because for
lots of people it's their first
opportunity to get in if they didn't get
an allocation. You know what I mean? So,
uh, you buy very high and then sell even
higher or sell lower. That's that's the
fun of the markets, right?
>> Looking forward to it, Ed. Thank you.
Looking forward to your coverage, buddy,
as always. Here's the view on Wall
Street this morning. Stuart Kaiser of
City writing, "There hasn't been much
market breath lately on both sell-offs
and rallies. The market has been mixed
as people rotate instead of broad
changes in risk." Stuart joins us now
from more. Stu, good morning.
>> Hey, good morning. How are you?
>> I know you can't talk much about this
IPO specifically, but the amount of IPOs
that are coming to the market at the
moment, do you see them as a red flag
for the bull market or a green flag to
deploy more capital?
>> I mean, ultimately, we'll have to see
how they perform. And I think it's not
just IPOs, right? You you have secondary
offerings from Meta, from Google, from
Amazon. you have tremendous amount of
convertible bond issuance, IG bond
issuance. So, this is a a sort of
broad-based demand for capital and I
think a lot of investors are looking at
this as one of the largest construction
and industrial production cycles the
world has ever seen, right? And that
needs to be financed. And what we're
seeing, I think the last couple weeks is
a little bit of a friction in the market
as as people digest just the enormous
amount of capital that's going to need
to be raised. some push back, Stu, that
we've talked about Meta, Oracle, maybe
spending too much, thinking about
raising more capital, stock markets push
back. Are all companies going to be
treated the same? Are we just isolating
the weak points?
>> Um, I I I mean, I don't think all all
companies will be will be treated the
same. You know, the the winners are
going to the winners in the big free
cash flow companies like we see from the
MAG 7 the last couple years are going to
be able to raise that capital and
companies that are maybe the the tier
two or the tier below that are going to
see credit spreads rise and going to see
some more pressure. I think what's
what's gotten people's attention
recently is last year it was all about
debt financing right this year it's been
about equity financing so that's gotten
equity investors attention like wait
this applies to us as well like this
doesn't seem very fair um and much like
Lisa I was forced to watch Star Trek
against my will so you know I have some
scar tissue that I'm working through as
well related to this
>> we we can talk about that later you know
this is actually something I think a lot
of people on Wall Street probably are
working through this morning there is a
sense though and you talked about this
John was talking about the rotating pool
of capital and how it's going from
different names and different pockets
and the breath has been really bad. How
much are people selling some of the
previous winners to get in on the new
hot and shiny thing?
>> You know, it it's a tough situation
right now because the winners is still
where people want to be and this year
has been really defined by estimate
revisions. Earnings going higher and
that's driving stock returns. And
frankly, that's been in a relatively
narrow part of the market. So, as much
as people might want to rotate, when you
say, "Okay, when you rotate, you have to
sell this guy and buy that guy." the guy
they have to buy is not something they
want to own, right? So, in some sense,
it's like you're you're being forced to
rotate against your will a little bit
and and it's been a little bit tricky.
So, I think look, some of the stuff is
up so much. If you look at NASDAQ
earnings are up 10% since the end of
March. Semiconductors earnings have been
revised up 17% since the end of March.
So, you kind of fade that at your own
risk, right? Is is that done? And I
think a lot of investors do not think
those revisions are done. They still
want access to those positive earnings
revisions. So it's I think people are
playing a little bit of hopscotch
amongst the AI winners. Oh, this looks a
little overdone. Let me move here. But
it's not, you know, I want to move down,
you know, the quality spectrum or be
really too far away from that AI trade.
>> Something you mentioned that the debt
markets have gotten used to being tapped
again and again to build out the
industrial revolution and they certainly
have been over the past two years. Now
it's equity markets turn. At the same
time, is this being driven by the fact
that equities look like a better
riskreward proposition at a time of
earnings growth like the kind we've seen
given that inflation's going to be
higher? That yes, uh, bond yields are
higher than they have been historically,
but in some ways aren't necessarily even
going to keep pace with inflation over
the next couple of years.
>> And you also have the the situation
where the credit markets are going to
start to look a lot more like the equity
markets, right? Because large cap tech
and the mag 7 are issuing debt. All that
debt is going to go into the credit
indices. So the sort of sector
concentration you have within equity
actually is going to exist within
credit. So you're not you're sort of uh
you're not getting all the upside
reward, but you're actually getting a
lot of the risk and the concentration.
So you know, we we'll see ultimately how
that how that plays out. I mean, I'm an
equity guy. I'm going to tell you
equity's not bond bond usually bond
allocated money going into the equity
space because of exactly this dynamic.
>> Uh you know, I mean money's been coming
into the equity space, you know, kind of
from all directions. The beauty of the
bond market though is you're, you know,
you're constantly recycling coupon
payments and stuff like that. I mean,
the bond market's healthy. Look where
credit spreads are. You know, there
there's not like an issue on the credit
side. Um, but to your point, you're
you're making a decision there of, you
know, do you want your fixed payout or
do you want access to that sort of
upside earnings revision and the
revisions have just like goofy powerful
this year. So, it's it's kind of hard to
step away from that I think for most
people.
>> So, you're describing the changing
characteristics of the US credit market.
Can we talk about the changing
characteristics of the index, the
NASDAQ? What that's going to look like
as we introduce some lossmaking
companies with massive market caps and
we do so really quickly. How's the
character of the NASDAQ going to change?
>> Well, I think what's interesting is is
the size of some of these IPOs is just
so big historically because they didn't
they IPOed late, I guess, would be a way
to look at that. And the other
interesting thing with the indices is a
lot of these things are going to be in
NASDAQ pretty quick and not in the S&P
for a while. So you kind of get a little
bit of a divergence, you know, between
that between how the two things look,
you know, for NASDAQ specifically. We'll
have to see how it all plays out. But
it's not unusual to have sort of higher
volatility, you know, stocks with a lot
of earnings.
>> Follow question. Does that does that
just amplify the existing difference
that already exists between the two
indexes?
>> You know, I think look, the
concentration in S&P has gotten pretty
high as well, but yes, it will. I mean,
you could be in a situation later this
year where there are two or three, you
know, new IPOs that people really want
access to that are in one index or the
not and or and not the other. And you
will get a divergence there. Yeah, it
will. I mean, just by definition, I
think it'll kind of widen out the gap
between the two.
>> Do you buy the argument that with
increased supply, the dynamics of the
equity market are changing enough to
dilute some of the demand that just the
technicals alone should take away some
of the heat that's been underpinning the
equity markets?
>> You mean just like too much supply, not
enough demand? You know, that's what
we've seen, I think, the last couple
weeks, right? is people are, you know,
looking at it a little more critically
in terms of how much equity supply am I
going to need to absorb over the next 6
to9 months and what does that mean for
performance? I from my perspective is,
you know, I'm a good news and good news
guy and if if those earnings numbers are
getting revised up in the way they are,
there's only so long you can keep
yourself away from that, right? I mean,
you revised up NASDAQ earnings 1% in the
last week. I mean, that's just like a
stunning, you know, rate rate of change.
So yeah, yes, perhaps you know, we're
there's a little bit indigestion going
on right now and it's almost perspective
indigestion because people are looking
at the next 6 to9 months and what is the
total amount that gets issued. If if
you're jamming earnings as high as they
are, there's only so long you could
ignore it.
>> Let's get another one down the
technicals. You've had buybacks like up
here skyhigh really reducing the amount
of float, the amount of stock that's
available for people to buy the
shrinkage that everybody's been talking
about. As the spread starts to close,
and I know it's still wide, but as it
starts to close, does that dynamic
matter? That's really what Lisa is
asking.
>> Yeah, I mean it can matter. I mean there
was some discussion that some of this
capex spending was going to eat into
into buybacks and stuff like that and
now you're actually getting equity
issuance. So to your point you're kind
of going other way. What's interesting
too is a lot of these companies started
issuing dividends less than 18 months
ago and and are now now now kind of
committed to that. So yeah and look
there is there is a little bit of a
supply demand dynamic you know going on.
But to your point this has been a
multi-deade issue of of you know
shrinking number of publicly traded
companies etc. So, it's not something
you're going to fix or reverse in in 6
months, right? It would take longer than
that, I think.
>> I remember the bull case being a
scarcity of assets. Remember that?
Particularly coming out of the pandemic.
And
>> I think people are doing their best to
change that.
>> Yeah. Well, I wonder if we still have a
scarcity of bonds. You know, I remember
Bob Michael talking about a scarcity of
bonds. And I wonder if we have a
scarcity of bonds and a scarcity of
equity or if we've maybe tipped the
scales a little
>> based on the amount of demand. Maybe not
yet.
>> Yeah. Right.
>> Take a look at the cash money market.
It's eight trillion dollars. Pretty
wild.
>> Stuart, good to see you.
>> Yeah, good to see you.
>> Thank you, sir. Thank you very much Du
Kaiser there of city. Let's give an
update on stories elsewhere this morning
with your Bloomberg brief. Isabelle Lee
has more. Hey Isabelle.
>> Hi John. It's officially the biggest
initial public offering of all time.
SpaceX raising $75 billion in its IPO
pricing more than 555 million shares at
$135 each. The NASDAQ announcing moments
ago SpaceX will be eligible for trading
at 10 a.m. Eastern. And the ECB may
raise rates for a second straight month
in July. Governing council member Hakeim
Nagel saying that the fallout from the
war is proving too strong to ignore and
high energy costs are affecting
inflation. The ECB meets again on July
23. And oil extending its slide on
optimism over a US Iran peace deal. The
draft deal included a possible reopening
of the straight of Hormuz within 30
days. Coming up later today at the
Bloomberg Energy Security Executive
Briefing in Houston. and Marie will be
speaking with energy secretary Chris
Wright and Chevron CEO Mike Worth.
That's your Bloomberg brief. John,
>> it's about Thank you. And if you watch
TV on Saturday evening, look really
carefully.
>> Yeah.
>> At the crowd. Yeah.
>> You might spot Amarie somewhere.
>> I think she was looking for tickets
here.
>> San Antonio.
>> Read the mug back just to sit there,
right?
>> I mean, in l of her because she goes to
Houston for work.
>> The mug there for the bumpouts.
>> Yeah, exactly.
>> We'll make it work. Up next on our
program justifying a skyhigh valuation.
About half the valuation of SpaceX today
comes actually from combining artificial
intelligence and space because space
today is a lot of cash flow. In just a
moment, we'll catch up with Brian
Hamilton of Abria live from New York
City this morning. Good morning.
You've heard the numbers 10 times over
already this morning, maybe in just the
last 30 minutes or so, raising $75
billion, a $1.8 trillion market cap.
Instantly, a top 10 public company on
the planet. Crazy numbers.
>> Well, we're talking about something
beyond the planet. And the addressable
market is potentially infinitive,
especially as people look increasingly
to space for very practical things, not
only satellite connectivity, but also
for data centers. And people might smile
and say, well, that is pie in the sky.
At the same time, a lot of people are
saying we're that much closer to
reality. And frankly, Elon Musk has done
this before.
>> Futures positive this morning, higher by
0.4% on the S&P and the NASDAQ higher
by44.
and the Savannah this morning justifying
a sky-high valuation
>> about half half the valuation of SpaceX
today comes actually from combining
artificial intelligence and space
because space today is a lot of cash
flow and if you have access to your own
cash flow in AI you can buy your own
infrastructure that makes it much
cheaper for you don't have to pay a
margin to a cloud provider
>> so here's the latest this morning SpaceX
boss Elon Musk is on the verge of
becoming the world's first trillionaire
with Mus retail trading ing fan base
placing more than $100 billion in stock
orders. Brian Hamilton, chair of
software firm LifeSwitch, writing,
"People want to get wealthy with Elon
Musk. SpaceX may be an extraordinary
company, but it's also an
extraordinarily overvalued stock." Brian
joins us now for more. Brian, welcome to
the program, sir. 90 times plus trading
sales. Clearly, that is a massive
number. People are willing to pay up for
growth, but I haven't heard people
really talk about the growth of this
company. Brian, can you put some numbers
on it? What is the growth of this
company?
>> First of all, first of all, we should go
to Pluto, not Mars. This valuation for
perspective. If we build a company, I've
been an entrepreneur my whole life. You
know, you work hard, get customers, get
profitable, hopefully a lot of them
don't, but basically, if you go out now,
there's an average multiple of sales to
price of about 10. So, if you make for
every buck that you generate in sales,
you get about $10 in valuation. These
guys at SpaceX are at 99, the highest
I've ever seen, a 2,000% premium for
Elon Musk. Just unbelievable. So, people
need to know going in. And and guys,
look, I'm mostly concerned with the
retail people. The professional people,
they can do what they want. They're
they're usually, you know, leveraged the
right way. They have balanced
portfolios. But the average retail
investor is massively overpaying it.
your last guest. I get a kick out of
that because remember their business
model is also all over the board as
well. They're doing a lot of different
things and not it's not just a matter of
having satellites out out there. They're
all over the board. So, um you know,
they're they're totally overvalued and
it's so obvious. I mean, I I mean way
way out. I've never seen anything like
it.
>> What do you think will be the reality
check that people will need to see
before it is appropriately valued in
markets?
That's a hard question. I don't know
with Elon Musk. I mean, generally, as
you guys know, he gets a premium because
he's done some great things, and I don't
want to take that away from him. And as
an entrepreneur, I love that he invested
in his own companies, but this premium
is crazy. So, for perspective, when a
small company called Tesla went out
public, they were about 20 times sales.
This company is going to be about a
hundred times sales. Very, very high
valuation. By the way, small footnote,
they lost $5 billion last year. Look at
companies out there now. Nvidia,
Microsoft, about a $3 trillion
valuation. As soon as these guys go out,
IPOs are supposed to be initial. It's
supposed to be initially what you're
worth. They're going out, as you guys
mentioned in your break, as one of the
top 10 largest companies in the world
right off the get-go as really a small
company right now.
So, one one thing, if you're a retail
investor, look at the numbers.
Interesting dude. By the way, I don't
know why he's going to uh Mars. I've
driven out to Wyoming in South Dakota.
There's a lot of land out there. There's
plenty of room. But on a serious note,
it's unbelievably overvalued. My concern
is the retail guy. Well, my my question
to you, Brian, is SpaceX alone, or are
OpenAI and Anthropic proposing similar
sort of stratospheric valuations at a
time when people are banking on a myth.
>> Yep, true. Great point. However, look at
their multiples. They're going to be at
about 30 times revenue, not 99 times
revenue. And remember, SpaceX is not a
direct competitor to those other
companies. It's not. They've got Grock.
That's a very small part of their
revenue. So you're this is a really nice
uh thing you got up here. But this is
for all IPOs. These are businesses in
different industries. And by the way,
SpaceX only grew about 40% last year.
They're not doubling and doubling and
doubling. So there I look, I've been
doing this guys for 20 years. I've been
an entrepreneur. I ran a financial
company. They're totally overvalued.
Now, will it just keep going up because
of the Elon factor? Who knows? But if
you buy, you're buying high. Period.
>> I think Brian, that's the point. Didn't
we say the same things about Tesla? What
did we learn from that experience?
>> Yeah. What we learned is that he can
defy gravity. He should be going out in
space, you know. But remember, uh, Tesla
again, their relative value was much
lower when they went out public. Here's
my beef. When you go out public, and
I've been on both sides. I've been in
finance. I've been an entrepreneur my
whole life. When you go out, this is my
problem. They're getting all their value
at the IPO level. What we want a company
to do is to prove something and Tesla
did, but Tesla's relative value was much
lower at IPO.
>> Brian, it's good to see you, sir. We
appreciate the skeptical view this
morning. Thank you. Brian Hamilton of
Live Switch with some push back this
morning to the valuation of this company
at 90 times plus trade in sales. based
on the valuation alone and based on what
he was talking about, he makes a really
valid point and a lot of people are
saying essentially yes, we are buying
into the myth of Elon Musk and we want
to do that because we have seen what
he's been able to do in the past. You
just have to wonder how much these high
valuations can remain longer than some
of the skeptics can remain skeptical and
ultimately you know it isn't about
numbers because how do you predict
numbers that are increasing at the pace
that they've seen? I mean, how many
analysts have we seen upgrade their
forecasts for tech companies that have
come out with earnings? Yeah,
>> they haven't been able to keep up in a
technological revolution. How do you
value something? And ultimately, a lot
of people are saying you can't. You have
to just sort of close your eyes and buy.
And that makes a lot of people deeply
uncomfortable who have been through
financial cycles. Nonetheless, you rais
a good point about Amazon.
>> This is not a normal IPO
at all. This company is more than 20
years old. I mentioned Amazon earlier.
Let's think about the Amazon IPO. They
were raising 400 to 500 something like
that. 400 to500 million. We were talking
about those kind of numbers at the time.
28 times trading sales. Sounds super
expensive, right? Compared to this,
we're talking about $75 billion, right?
The market cap of this company, $1.8
trillion. We're dwarfing anything we
were talking about in the late '9s.
Dwarfing it with massive, massive
numbers. And in the late 90s, we were
talking about the more even distribution
of goods and services, the more
effective kind of marketplace pricing
dynamic. Here, we're talking about
whatever is out there. I mean, you talk
about some of the uh discussions around
sci-fi, it's essentially building into
that and saying, you know, we're going
to go to Mars.
>> I think to Brian's point, so much value
has already been created in private
markets. We're coming to this coming to
this so late,
>> but that's with everybody. I mean,
that's the thing. It's sort of a change
in the dynamic of market. It's changed a
lot. Coming up, Gregory Allen of
Decision Tree Research on the first
market test for SpaceX.
We are making financial market history
in real time. Just look at the numbers.
$75 billion market cap $1.8 8 trillion.
Lisa and I were talking about Amazon. I
mentioned the number 400 to 500 million.
That was the market cap back in the IPO
of 97. They raised a tenth of that. The
numbers are just nowhere near comparable
to the numbers we're talking about with
this IPO.
>> Yeah. Although uh our previous guest and
you picked up on this was making a
really good point which is the structure
of the market has fundamentally shifted
where more of the value is created in
private markets before these companies
go public. So, it's hard to compare the
moment we're in today to the late 1990s
when it comes to either the technology
or when it comes to exactly how capital
is being raised.
>> Like we've said repeatedly through this
morning so far in the last 90 minutes.
Easy to sit here and be super skeptical
and say, "How is this trading at 90 plus
trading earnings? That seems absolutely
crazy." That's not the bet with this
IPO. The bet's the forward look. The bet
is that the revenue number is going to
change dramatically in the forward
years. Now, that's the debate we've got
to have. How quickly can the revenue
story change without the technology ne
necessary to achieve the kind of dreams
the hopes that are priced into that
market cap?
>> The idea that people are looking for
dreams right now gives you a sense of
the dynamic in equity markets and not to
sound overly philosophical but people
want to see and have been uh had their
belief suspended in terms of what's
possible just based on the pace of
earnings growth that we've seen which
has been absolutely bonkers so far this
year. When you see what's being
delivered at places like Google, at
places like Amazon's AWS, people start
thinking, wait a second, there is an
entire world of new technology that can
be capitalized on, Elon Musk would have
a near monopoly on the space
marketplace, which already has been
really fruitful when it comes to
connectivity and already has been really
fruitful when it comes to national
defense. So, you put all of these things
together and people are willing to give
a lot of assumptions and give a lot of
credibility to what he's putting out
there.
>> You've got to understand how you're
wired. I know how I'm wired. I know how
you're white. You're a bomb person. I'm
a bomb person. You look at the numbers.
Am I going to get paid? How much risk is
here? I'm not a dreamer. I don't have
the imagination to really think through
what this could be. I know we've said
this repeatedly. I've said it again this
morning. I would have totally failed at
imagining what Amazon would have been in
the next 25 30 years after the IPO in
97. I would have said exactly the same
thing I said this morning. How is a book
seller worth 28 times trading sales?
They just sell books. How big can this
company be?
>> The difference this time around as
somebody who is wired to be a bond
person is that the bond market concerns
me and particularly the sovereign bond
market in a time where there is so much
investment going into an economy that is
not used to actually investing in the
physical world and suddenly the physical
assets are becoming bid up. You have to
imagine it's going to be a stickier
inflation moment with greater growth and
that moment bonds don't look so great.
So maybe maybe this is not a moment
where bonds can really offer that offset
to the risk that you're taking with
taking a chance. And I'm not saying I'm
not making a call here, but that's kind
of
>> sounds like a cool round,
>> but it's not. I I I don't know the
answer to this. I don't think anybody
does, but that is how the calculation
has changed. Your point on spending and
experience I think is really important
and very valid that the hundreds of
billions of dollars that are being
raised in capital markets right now are
being spent by companies that don't have
much experience of spending that kind of
money on physical things and think of
the hyperscalers and those kind of
things. This is very new to them too
>> which is also why you see them
partnering with a lot of private equity
firms and a lot of the big private asset
managers but essentially they're
becoming the world's biggest portfolio
managers and you have to imagine that
some of the people in those seats don't
have a lot of experience in that space.
chip players are becoming hedge funds
with all the investments we're seeing at
certain names.
>> I mean, yes. Yes. And the idea that
Bitcoin traders are becoming energy
providers for hyperscalers. I mean, the
world is in flux.
>> Massive, massive changes, huge changes.
Equity futures right now in the S&P up
by a fifth or call it 510 of 1%. On the
Nasdaq 100 up by 0.5 also and the
Russell up nicely by 0.7. That's the
price action this morning. On our radar,
our top story, SpaceX drawing more than
$100 billion in orders from retail
investors. A sharp rise from the
previous figure of 70. The company
expected to allocate 20% of available
shares to retail demand. Elsewhere, top
AI leaders are slated to attend the
upcoming G7 summit in France. Executives
from OpenAI, Anthropic, and Google will
all be gathering in a rare joint
appearance. And finally, Iran confirming
talks are underway for a final peace
deal with the US. State media claiming
provisions include reopening the
straight of Hormuz within 30 days and
affirming Thrron's commitment to not
develop nuclear weapons in return for
lifting sanctions.
>> Yeah. And coming out and saying that the
framework text is nearly finalized.
There's a lot of daylight though between
what are the state- linked media outlets
are putting out there and what the US is
demanding. And there still are a lot of
sticking points in there. The key point
for markets is get the straight of muzz
open whatever form it's going to be. get
oil moving once more and then we can
move on and you guys can now hammer out
the details. Hammering out the details
is going to be difficult and how many
concessions are going to be made to get
to the place where the street of truly
is operating even close to the way it
was before this.
>> The headlines are always confusing. Some
of it's for domestic consumption to tell
your people this is what we're really
trying to achieve even though even
though you're probably falling short of
that. Some of the headlines are active
negotiations in real time because we're
not quite there yet. Think the market's
decided we were getting closer a long
time ago and is comfortable with the
state of play. To me, it's a huge tell
that President Trump came out and said,
"Oh, now we have a deal." After
threatening an escalation, the market
didn't believe it, and the market was
right. And essentially, what we have
seen is that this president under a lot
of political duress with the midterms
coming up with oil prices already kind
of eating into the budgets of so many
different families does not want to see
this continue. The market is
understanding that story and so they're
seeing the path of travel that can get
us there and they're not even focusing
that much on the details right now.
crude in the 80s. Bren 87 this morning,
WTI around 84. The main event is on the
NASDAQ a little bit later. The SpaceX
trading debut following a record $75
billion IPO. Yahara on the floor and she
joins us now for more. Yahara, walk us
through the playbyplay for the next few
hours how this one's going to play out.
>> Exactly, John. So, uh, it is relatively
calm here at the NASDAQ. We just got um
our first headline from here that SpaceX
will be eligible for trading at 10:00
a.m. Eastern. And at that time, this
area will become the center of attention
for investors, bankers, and traders
watching what's what will be the biggest
IPO Wall Street has ever seen. And uh
what's striking about this IPO is that
for years Elon Musk argued SpaceX didn't
need public markets. That the company
had access to private capital and could
fund its ambitions without the scrutiny
that comes with being public. But SpaceX
is entering a very uh different fra
phase here. What was once a rockets and
satellite story is increasingly becoming
an AI infrastructure play. So you know
it has lofty goals. data centers in
space uh supplying AI computing power
already striking deals with the likes of
Google and Anthropic and what Elon Musk
says is that will require dramatically
uh more capital. So that is what's
changed. SpaceX is now a fundamentally
uh different company and they are taking
advantage of a moment when there is
voracious appetite for AI uh in the
market. So it will have uh huge
repercussions for the broader market and
that's something we'll be uh seeing play
out here today.
>> Yari, looking forward to your coverage
throughout this morning. Yahara Anand on
the floor over at the NASDAQ. Today's
trading for SpaceX offering a critical
test for a near $2 trillion valuation.
Gregory Allen of Decision Tree Research
writing this is not a rocket IPO. It's a
venture capital style bet at index fund
scale. Gregory joins us now for more.
Gregory, welcome to the program. Let's
get into it. Do you see the growth that
justifies the hype? Simply
put, no. I think SpaceX is a collection
of multiple businesses. You have the
Starlink communications business, which
is very profitable and growing very
rapidly. You have the new AI
infrastructure bet in which SpaceX is
actually selling to one of their
competitors, Anthropic, which develops a
competing model against Grock. And
that's a run rate of $1.25 billion per
month. A pretty nice business. The thing
is it reveals the fact that SpaceX is
actually building AI infrastructure
faster than their own AI models can
actually consume it and their AI models
are falling out of the leaderboard.
We'll have to see what the performance
of Gro 5 looks like when it actually
comes out. But if you look at that total
addressable market that SpaceX is
overwhelmingly hyping, it really rests
upon the ability of number one, SpaceX
to develop not a temporary advantage in
AI infrastructure, but an enduring
advantage based on superior access to
orbital infrastructure and all of that
feeding superior AI models. Both of
those things are possible, but they're
by no means guaranteed. And this
valuation basically takes them as
guaranteed. Gregory, you went through
the details of the company, launch
services, Starlink, reusable Starships,
internet services. The hopes and dreams
seem to be around the orbital compute,
the data centers that we don't yet have
in space. Gregory, do we have the
technology? And how close are we to
achieving that technological development
that can deliver something that looks
like that?
So there's a difference between what is
possible in prototypes and testing. And
SpaceX is validating GPUs in orbit.
SpaceX is going to have some prototype
satellites in orbit probably in 2028
looking into this sort of thing. But
that's very different from thousands or
tens of thousands of satellites being
ready to go and being a better bet than
what exists on the ground. the types of
cooling infrastructure that you need for
these data centers. NVIDIA GPUs, they
routinely catch on fire. That's why
cooling is such a huge part of the
electricity bill of these hundreds of
megawws and gigawatt scale data centers.
When you're out in space, there's no air
and there's no water to cool. So, you
have to do it all by radiative cooling,
which is in principle possible, but in
practice extremely tricky from an
engineering perspective. The other thing
is these GPUs fail consistently and once
those satellites are in orbit, you're
not going to repair them. You're not
going to go up there and try and fix
them the way you do when it's on the
ground. When GPUs break, you swap them
out with ones that work. So the issue
here is this is in principle possible,
but it's not technologically mature and
it's not industrial scale mature. I
think a helpful analogy here is Elon
Musk's earlier idea of the hyperloop, a
rapid transit vacuum tubebased
transition mechanism on mag lev rails.
That was in principle possible. You know
that doesn't break the laws of physics
when Elon Musk put it out in a white
paper. But nobody's pension plan lost
any money on Hyperloop. And SpaceX
orbital AI infrastructure is going to go
into people's index funds. is a venture
capital style bet that's being treated
as index fund mature and certain.
>> One thing that you pointed out, Gregory,
is how intertwined some of these
companies are that are coming to market
in the next couple of months as well.
Anthropic being the biggest customer of
SpaceX when it comes to XAI, the uh
artificial intelligence aspect of it.
How concerned are you about some of the
circular financing that you're seeing
under the hood? How closely connected
all of these bets truly are?
So I think the circular financing is not
an especially large risk here in the
case of SpaceX. It's not like their
valuation is being massively propped up
by for example Nvidia as a key supplier
of GPUs for example which is some of the
concern about companies like Anthropic
or Open AI. And the anthropic deal is
not so much interesting as a circular
financing story as a who overbuilt and
underbuilt AI computing infrastructure
relative to how much people want to use
their AI models. SpaceX and XAI, its
subsidiary, has demonstrated that it is
very fast at building ground
infrastructure for AI computation.
They're legitimately worldclass at that.
Anthropic is renting from them because
Anthropic models are superior and so
people want to use them compared to
Grock. And so this is a case of where
the company with the better model needs
more infrastructure. The company with
the worst model needs less
infrastructure. But keep in mind, even
though this is a five-year deal, either
company can cancel the agreement with 90
days notice. So if Grock 5 is amazing,
you can imagine a scenario in which they
say actually Anthropic, we want to keep
that infrastructure for ourself. And by
the same token, Anthropic underbuilt for
the year 2026, but that's why they're
going public because they want to start
getting into the massive construction
business, too. So how much of this is an
enduring available partnership versus a
marriage of convenience at the current
moment?
>> Gregory, what would you have to see that
would change your mind and make you
think this valuation was justified?
Well, as I said, this is based on a lot
of plans coming true. And I said
specifically that they're coming true
being almost a certainty. What do I mean
by that? You know, you mentioned that a
lot of your experience is in the bond
market. If you were to take SpaceX's
valuation of $1.75 trillion and convert
it into an annuity bond at the current
risk-free treasury rate of 4.5%.
That is the equivalent of an annuity
that pays out $80 billion a year
guaranteed forever. SpaceX, by contrast,
lost $5 billion last year and is talking
about having to write checks in the
hundreds of billions or potentially
trillions of dollars in future down
payments on capital expenditures before
a lot of these dreams come true. So
again, this is being valued as the
equivalent of certainty, $80 billion a
year guaranteed in profit forever. And
that's just not what this looks like
right now. Now, there are going to be
some near-term technical milestones that
will tell us what this looks like. Elon
Musk's plans for orbital AI
infrastructure involve Starship launches
going up by more than 100x per year. So
where those Starship launches previously
were about getting to Mars, now it
really is about validating the
possibility of building this orbital AI
infrastructure.
>> Gregory, appreciate your time as always.
Gregory Allen there of Decision Tree
Research. A range of views already this
morning and at the very start of the
program we said it would be dominated by
two particular views. One, don't bet
against this guy, Elon Musk, hopes and
dreams, all that stuff. He's been
successful with Tesla. He's proven that.
And the other one was exactly this. 90
times plus trading estimates, trading
sales rather, and a very skeptical view
of a company that's losing money and a
promise of technology that doesn't exist
yet and might not in the not too distant
future.
>> Objectively, a lot of people have
pointed to a lot of the scenarios that
Elon Musk has painted and said that he
is pricing in the absolute best case
scenario, kind of like what we were just
hearing from Gregory. A lot of people
are saying yes, but he's actually
fulfilled that when it comes to Tesla
and there are so many different levers
that he could pull to get there that
could potentially be huge gainers. So
ultimately this is a story of faith and
finance does not do well with faith in
many different pockets.
>> Certainly not here to advocate for one
view versus the other. It's up to you at
home and that's how you allocate capital
in this equity market right now.
>> I don't have a sense a total judgment
call for you.
>> Do you have a sense of which it is? I
have absolutely no idea.
>> No idea. No idea. I'm I'm sort of happy
that I'm sitting on the sidelines just
sort of, you know, navigating the
current conversation.
>> I have to say I'm not because I see
people who actually were in on it
initially and they look very happy. I'm
jealous. Of course, I'm jealous of that.
>> Yeah, exactly.
>> The upside.
>> Yeah. Not so happy.
>> No doubt. Being a journalist can't do
that unfortunately. Equity futures right
now in the S&P up by 0.6%. With an
update on stories worldwide with your
Bloomberg brief, Isabelle Lee has more.
Hey Isabelle.
>> Hi John. We have the US and Iran may be
nearing a deal to end the war and open
the straight of Hormuz. President Donald
Trump saying a deal is imminent and
could be signed in the next few days. An
Iranian foreign ministry spokeswoman
saying quote we have not yet reached
conclusion on this matter. President
Donald Trump tapping former SEC chief
Jay Clayton as the next director of
national intelligence. The announcement
follows backlash over his selection of
housing regulator PY to serve in the
role on an acting basis. And in sports,
the Carolina Hurricanes are one win away
from the first Stanley Cup in 20 years.
The Canes beating the Golden Knights 4
to2 in game five. They look to close
things out in Vegas on Sunday night.
That's your Bloomberg Brief, John.
>> Thank you, Isabelle. I'm going to sound
like a total foreigner. Forgive me. I
know I've lived here a decade plus, but
ice hockey in the summer, I just can't
get my head around.
>> I mean,
>> just doesn't just doesn't make sense.
>> Hopes and dreams, John. You can play
hockey if even if you're in Florida.
Miami. Let's go.
>> Vegas.
>> June. Vegas. Right.
>> I mean, yeah, why not in the summer?
It's a big place.
>> Up next on a program, shooting for the
stars.
>> SpaceX is the biggest rising star of all
time. When you think about a market cap
of 1.77 trillion, in fact, with all the
cash that they have, which will be in
excess of $80 billion of cash, they have
no net debt. It's clearly an IG rated
company.
>> Up next, we'll catch up with Zack
Griffith of Credit Sites.
stocks positive going into the opening
bell a few hours away. We're up by 0.6%
6% on the S&P on the NASDAQ up by6 also
and headed towards another week of gains
under surveillance this morning shooting
for the start. SpaceX is the biggest
rising star of all time when you think
about a market cap of 1.77 trillion and
only 20 billion of debt. That's only 1%
of the entire enterprise value is in
debt. In fact, with all the cash that
they have, which will be in excess of
$80 billion of cash, they have no net
debt. It's clearly an IG rated company.
>> So, here's the latest this morning. Some
on Wall Street expecting SpaceX to tap
the debt market shortly after a
record-breaking IPO. Sources telling us
here at Bloomberg, the company has lined
up investment grade ratings from three
major bond graders. Zach Griffith, a
credit sites writing, I don't think
there's any president to draw for a
company like SpaceX to understand what
their rating should be. Zach joins us
now for more. Zack, welcome. You heard
the words of our previous guest. It's
clearly an IG rated company. Do you see
it differently?
>> No, we don't. And in terms of what
drives that IG rating, John, you have
the new or relatively recent Google and
anthropic deals, those aren't captured
in the LTM metrics. And when you think
about the loantovalue consideration that
I think you were just highlighting from
Bruce Richards there, it's 1 to 2% of
the overall enterprise value. And so
there's obviously a ton of equity
valuation ahead of that credit. And so
while that's not something that the
ratings agencies tend to look at, we do
think it plays a factor here. And so we
are expecting an IG rating on SpaceX
when they come to the market. And we
think that'll be relatively quickly
after the IPO today.
>> It's incredibly difficult to value a
company like this. We've heard a lot of
different opinions so far this morning
and to evaluate whether it's investment
grade or high yield. But does the bulk
of equity being raised give you as a
bond analyst comfort that the equity
markets are sharing in some of this and
are actually sharing the first loss
piece and give you confidence that they
can raise more debt at a better value.
Yeah, a lot of comfort, Lisa, when you
think about what we were just going
through. And if you think about the
metrics from the last 12 months
perspective, looking at around five
times leverage and so that's more
historically consistent with a high
yield rating. Again, that doesn't
capture some of the recent deals. And of
course, having all of that equity ahead
of the credit makes us very comfortable
with that IG rating. And when you think
about how much debt they're likely to
come to market with in the near term,
call it around 20 billion, that kind of
pales in comparison in terms of what the
market has been digesting with ease so
far this year with the big five
hyperscalers coming with almost 175
billion split across US dollar and
various other currencies. So we do think
there is going to be demand for that
debt out there without much of an issue
even after this huge equity raise. That
said, Zach, how much does it concern you
the just absolute consolidation of all
risk in one bet right now, whether it's
on the debt side or on the equity side?
Yeah, I think concentration risk is a
fair concern to have and I think the
circular financing consideration that
you were just discussing with the prior
guest is something we're concerned
about. When we think about where the
rubber meets the road from that
perspective and where there might really
be risk in terms of some of these big
players coming to market with IPOs, Open
AI seems to be the one that really needs
the funding. And so if for some reason
markets become less risktaking over the
next couple of months when anthropic and
open AI need to come to market, that's a
time frame that we think there could be
a little bit more consternation. For
now, we're we're certainly comfortable
with the environment we're in. And when
we talk to our clients from a fixed
income perspective, they're very happy
with all in yield levels despite tight
credit spreads really across the credit
markets.
>> Doug, just finish up on SpaceX. So I
understand they've got this massive
ability right now to tap into the equity
market and raise equity capital quite
easily and we've seen that. But how much
should that should be a factor in in
your credit rating when the company is
losing money and they're going to spend
that money really quickly too. You
mentioned some of the hyperscalers and
debt issuance elsewhere. Let's take
Alphabet. Alphabet made profit more than
hundred billion dollars last year. Zach,
this company loses money. Why should
that company have an IG rating?
Well, again, it comes down to
companies rating or the ratings
company's rating through the cycle. When
you think about some of the deals
recently inc that certainly improves the
position and and the net cash position
after the IPO certainly looks very
attractive. Now, we're expecting cash
burn to be around 20 to 30 billion per
year as they lean in to that AI
infrastructure business. And so there's
a lot of metrics to consider, John. But
we do think with the recent deals and
projecting forward through the cycle and
considering some of the the upside
scenario that an IG rating will be
justified and that's kind of what we're
hearing out there as well.
>> Interesting. Zach, appreciate it, sir.
As always, Zach Griffiths there of
Credit the race for capital and they're
clearly going to tap that debt market
pretty quickly based on what we've heard
so far this morning. It's a structured
investment and if the equity piece is
big enough and that tunch has the first
loss then essentially if you're taking
off the top then potentially could have
a triple AAA just like some other
structured vehicles.
>> Yeah,
>> you sound skeptical.
>> It's essentially the argument for uh the
top tier rating without understanding
how to analyze the actual valuation.
>> Again, you sound skeptical. Coming up,
Sarah Hunt of Alpine Sax and Woods, Nick
Owens of Morning Star, Matt Kennedy of
Renaissance Capital, Dan N of now's
investment management.
It's a test for the market in terms of
not just SpaceX, but the ripple effect
across the rest of tech. Everybody's
investing in it. They've really hyped
it. The majority of the opportunity here
as laid out by the company is really in
the AI compute space.
>> Portfolio managers are now struggling on
how to allocate these new offerings.
>> Just because something is a very hot IPO
doesn't mean that in the one or 3 months
that the returns are always as
incredible as the trading on the first
day.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz, and
An Marie Hordern.
>> Live from New York City this morning.
Good morning. Good morning. for our
audience worldwide. The third hour of
Bloomberg Sured starts right now and
your price action scores look like this.
Here's the bounce up by 0.6% on the S&P.
Enthusiasm this morning for a deal
between Iran and the US taking crude
lower pushing equities higher on the
NASDAQ up by 0.5%. Enthusiasm for a
record-breaking IPO. Check out the
number $75 billion raised almost 3x what
we got with a Ramco which was the
previous record. a monster issue from
Elon Musk and SpaceX.
>> Yeah, and it's being received really
well, at least according to some of the
shadow pricing that indicates about a
35% pop upside. We will we will see. Yah
and down at the NASDAQ and we'll be
tracking that when it does start
pricing, I believe around 9:50, 10 a.m.
Eastern time. Key question is how does
this set up OpenAI and Anthropics IPOs?
How does this set up the path of travel?
Is there any early indication at a time
when people are pointing to the fact
that SpaceX doesn't make money that
they've lost a lot of money that they
are banking on a lot of more speculative
promises? At the same time, Elon Musk
has delivered and is a man of promise
and a lot of people including a lot of
retail investors are getting behind him.
>> The lesson with Tesla, don't bet against
Elon, right? And that might be the
lesson with this. I would say for the
others for anthropic for OpenAI so far
the windows still open and we've put a
lot a lot of equity down the throats of
equity markets in the last few weeks not
just with this but with Alphabet as well
and a question we've asked repeatedly
over the last few weeks through June is
the window going to close going to get
push back we've seen push back I would
say at the Oracle level around Meta that
rumor they might be raising equity
capital too but minor margin push back
relative to the size of the overall
market and it feels like the window's
still open for anthropic to follow and
open AI to come soon after.
>> Yeah, there's a feeling almost of
smuggness by bot investors saying,
"Great, you guys could take some cuz
we've been taking it all down." And let
me tell you, uh we have seen our index
absolutely ballooned and concentrated
with all of this AI related assets. And
now it's your turn over to you equity uh
folks. Concern though as we do this is
the structure of the market. Yes, we are
expanding the pool of assets that people
are buying into, but also the
correlations are going up and
significantly. So, we're suddenly what
you're buying with bonds is what you're
buying with stocks when it comes to the
corporate credit and the AI bet. And at
what point does that get people nervous?
How do you diversify? How do you find
safety at a time of higher inflation,
higher growth, and higher concentration
of AI related bets?
>> You made two points there. I want to
pick up on the first one. We can get to
the second one later this hour. The
first one, the debt issuance that we've
seen has been astronomical. on the
sovereign side, on the credit side. And
they're clearly looking for options
here. And that's the word I want to
stress, options. Alphabet was going into
different currencies here, there, and
everywhere. Seen it from other
companies, too.
>> Or we've
>> right going over to Europe. Yeah.
>> Demand for that high yield debt, by the
way, pretty decent from what I heard.
>> They're looking for a piece of the
action.
>> Right.
>> So, you've seen a lot of this, and I
want to keep going back to the word
options. This is about really exploring
the entire capital structure and having
tremendous flexibility and having lots
and lots of options. Not every company
is going to get that. Only the bigger
companies have got that right now, which
is why they're in prime position to win
this because they can raise the most
capital. It's about having options,
raising capital, and spending capital
really, really quickly. Which goes to
the inflation question I think you were
getting at a little bit earlier on this
morning. That's a lot of money being
raised, pushed into an economy that is
supply constraint.
>> For decades, this was a market where
financialization was on the front
burner. People wanted to invest in the
market, make money, and then sit there
and have a 401k that expands. Now people
are taking that money and putting it
into the real world. And suddenly
they're building out infrastructure and
metals and all of the physical assets.
At a certain point, it's why people are
expecting, particularly PIMCO, we have
moved out of secular stagnation
officially into a higher growth, higher
inflation environment. And a lot of
people are expecting a lot of different
results from different assets.
>> PIMCO just published their outlook and
there's lots of headlines coming from
it. Dan Iverson making some comments
too. I think Dan said recently, someone
I have tremendous respect for, we all do
in fixed income, he talked about the
creative stage of finance and how we've
entered the more creative stage of
finance and I think he's getting up
something that that you're following
closely.
>> Well, the idea that SpaceX has IG-rated
debt because essentially the equity pool
is so big that it takes the first loss
that you're essentially at the top tier
of the capital structure. It sounds a
lot like structured finance, like
mortgage back securities, like CDOS's.
the idea that as long as you have a
bigger loss pool underneath you, you're
safe at a time when there's a lot of big
figures being thrown around.
>> Futures positive this morning by 0.6%.
Coming up this hour, we'll catch up with
Sarah Hunt of Alpine Sax and Woods on
the groundbreaking SpaceX market debut.
Nick Owens of Morning Star warning the
company is significantly overvalued. On
the other side, Matt Kennedy of
Renaissance Capital and why the $ 1.7
trillion valuation is justified. We
begin this out with stocks pushing high
as Wall Street gears up for a historic
day of trading. Bloomberg's Ed Lello
joins us now for more. Ed, what a win
for Elon Musk and everyone involved in
this company.
>> Yeah, $135 per share IPO price, but it
just needs to go higher, 2.2% to 138 and
and Elon Musk hits trillionaires status
per Bloomberg billionaires index and our
calculations. Um, eyes on on Gwyn
Shotwell, president and COO, and Brett
Johnson, the CFO at the NASDAQ. They're
in New York City for this moment. And
you know, I' I've really enjoyed
listening to to the the debate, the
discussion, right, between between you
and Lisa and through your guests, this
idea of well, does it matter the current
finances of SpaceX. One idea that a lot
of the the market had time to digest
from the perspectus is that even though
there's no cash flow number or cap
current capex number, um the
connectivity business did hit almost $5
billion of operating income in in 2025
and 7.2 2 billion of adjusted EBIT DAR
and a lot of people can extrapolate out
from that Starlink business the business
of having satellites in constellation
for internet and because it's highly
analogous with the proposed orbital data
center business. So that final guest
that you mentioned who says the $ 1.7
trillion valuation is justified. A lot
of the math that is being done on the
sell side and the buy side today is
based on those numbers on Starlink.
People believe it, John. Um, how it
trades is completely separate and
academic, isn't it?
>> Ed, appreciate it. As I say, looking
forward to the program later. Bloombeck
Technology, Ed Lello alongside Caroline
Hyde. You get paid to hope and dream in
the equity market. I think the point
you're making drawing the distinction
between credit and equity is that you
don't get paid to hope and dream in the
credit market. You just get paid what
you owed and you hope you do further
down the line.
>> Well, I was speaking with Howard Merks
earlier this year and he made this
point. He said ultimately he believes AI
is real. He absolutely does think that
there are huge technological
advancements that will come with it.
>> But how do you want to get the upside to
that? Probably through stocks, not
necessarily through credit where you're
paid to worry. And if you really want to
worry, there's plenty to worry about.
>> Well, for a moment it was debt investors
funding equity dreams, right? And now
it's equity investors funding debt guys
getting paid.
>> Yeah, potentially
>> from what we heard a little bit earlier.
>> Debt investors still funding hopes and
dreams. Still funding everything.
>> A lot of money being raised. Here's
toville on Wall Street this morning.
Sarah Hunt of Valpai Saxon Woods
writing, "A weak open would be a real
problem for the AI companies lined up
behind SpaceX waiting for their IPO
moment. A strong one keeps the party
going. Either way, it might be a
volatile summer." Sarah joins us now for
more. Sarah, good morning.
>> Good morning.
>> It's good to see you. This company
waited more than 20 years to float.
>> Why is now a a good time to buy it?
>> Well, I mean, I I think that there was
an IPO window that we all knew way back
in the day. We've had years where there
was almost no IPO window at all. You've
got equity markets at highs. you've got
the technology enthusiasm at at its
highest level. I think this if you're
going to pick a time, this is not a bad
time to do it, right? When when else
would you? And if you go back and look
at how much public company stock has
been taken off the market between
buybacks and mergers, maybe there's room
for all this issuance. Maybe not in all
in one go, but I think that there's more
room than we think there might be.
>> It's one of those mornings where you can
sound smart or make money. That's what
it feels like. Is it one of those
mornings for you? Do you want to sound
smart or make money?
>> Well, I mean, I think you always want to
make money, right? In the end, you
always want to make money. And I think
that this is it's so hard to game out
something like this because it is it has
all of the things. What it's SpaceX, so
it's Elon Musk, so it's also all of the
things that Elon Musk is is doing. It's
not just one thing. There's so many
levers to pull. It's hard to figure out
exactly where that is, but there's an
enormous scarcity factor because this is
this is the one that has all of that.
So, you know, this is one of those
companies where ultimately they have
some incredibly promising technology. Is
it worth what it's being sold for for
today? I don't know. Neither do any of
us, which is the difficulty right now.
How do you even start to value a company
like this? It goes to a question that we
keep asking. Where are we in this
capital raising cycle, right? Are we at
the beginning stages? Are we at the
middle stages? Are we at the later
stages as people start to get a little
bit more prudent in terms of where they
deploy their cash? Do you have a sense
of how close we are to maybe people
pulling in their purse strings?
>> Well, I think that one of the big
stories for the last couple of years has
always been the capex can't possibly go
higher next year. It can't possibly go
higher next year. And every year we're
looking at it and it's going higher. And
I don't know what the answer is. I do
know that the technology there has to be
changes because energy usage, cooling,
all of those things are actual real
stumbling blocks to getting further and
further capacity. So, at some point the
technology will change. This is the
problem with trying to figure out
exactly where you are is because you
don't know what's coming down the pike
in terms of what's changing, but
everybody's racing to get a whole lot of
capacity together at one time. And I
think that that is hard to stop that
juggernaut. And if the market's willing
to do it, first it was just out of cash
flow, then it was cash flow and debt.
And now it's we're going to raise equity
too. There's an enthusiasm for it though
that if you believe that this is another
industrial revolution or that this has
got this much of a change factor, it's
you're still going to have winners and
losers. It's hard to pick who those are.
So the enthusiasm is hard to over
overlook right now.
>> This morning when I came in, it was a
positive story all around. You had
potential deescalation with Iran and the
US. You had the potential for ongoing
open arms in the capital markets and
correlations go to one, right? We see
gold prices up, not down. you see
Treasury yields down, not up, all
around, people are feeling enthusiasm
and everything rallies. Do correlations
start to worry you when everything feels
like one trade? Well, I think that we've
seen this before in the last couple of
big draw downs and also some of the last
huge risk on moments. I think that the
old correlation handbook that most of us
grew up with has not been acting the
normal way as much as it as much as we
used to think it is. And so this this
goes down and this goes up. There is
much more of an ongoing like it's all
this or it's all that. It's all good.
It's all bad. And I don't know that that
doesn't get better. It doesn't get any
better right now. There is a little bit
of a swap sometimes when technology is
weak. You do see other things. Energy
had been that now energyy's down because
we may get a deal and we should hope for
a deal. Whatever the whatever the we
absolutely want that to be done, right?
Because that is something that's been
overshadowing a lot. So yes, it concerns
me that the correlations go there, but
we can't control where they're going. We
just have to watch.
>> You brought up Iran. We didn't bring up
Iran. Just for the record.
>> Just for the record. It is a big reason
why everything is up. Did you see with
the first announcement you see the
Cosby?
>> Yes.
>> Cosby going crazy because there might be
a deal.
>> Just, you know, it wasn't me.
>> I know. I know. It was me. I own it. It
actually is important. I
>> You don't like the story.
>> I I think that we can speak for all of
us. It is a very frustrating story.
>> Let's finish on diversification and the
difference between the NASDAQ and the
S&P 500. Let's make this really simple.
>> From your perspective, for the next 12
months, do you want to be in the NASDAQ
that has all these IPOs or the S&P 500
that doesn't? Because that's a decision
that will confront a lot of passive
investors this morning.
>> It is a decision that will confront a
lot of passive investors. I think
because the NDX is willing to take them
sooner, you can do a both. You don't
have to do an or. And I think that there
is I think it's hard to say I only want
to do this or I only want to do that
given the fact that there is in fact a
choice here. If none of them were going
in there, it would be a different if
they weren't going to any indices, I
think it would be different on the
passive side because then you have to
rethink that. But because you're given a
vehicle to express both views, I think
that you can do that to the extent that
your risk tolerance is willing to take
that hit.
>> Sarah, it's good to see you. It's great
to catch up. Sarah Hunt there of Alpine
Sax and words on this record-breaking
day for Elon Musk and a team over at
SpaceX. Equities this morning up by 0.5%
with an update on stories worldwide with
your Bloomberg brief. Isabelle Lee has
more. Hey Isabelle.
>> Hi John. Elon Musk is poised to become
the world's first trillionaire when
SpaceX begins trading today. That's 13
digits. So his company selling $75
billion of shares in an IPO that would
value Musk's stake at around $690
billion. So when combined with his Tesla
holdings and other investments and
properties, his net worth tops $1
trillion. And teachers in one Louisiana
school district will be receiving
massive bonuses. The Wall Street Journal
reporting that teachers will receive
more than $50,000 this year thanks to
increased tax revenue linked to a meta
data center. And in sports news, the
World Cup is officially underway. Mexico
winning the first of 104 matches. The
co-host defeating South Africa 220. The
United States plays its first game
against Paraguay at 9:00 p.m. tonight.
That's your Bloomberg brief. John
>> Isabelle, thank you. There's plenty of
space for rants over the next month
about FIFA in this World Cup.
>> I think this is space right here.
>> Some of the empty seats yesterday
evening. I've seen the pictures of it.
It's such a miss to come out and try and
make as much money as you can from
wealthy Americans from selling seats to
this World Cup without having a
long-term strategy about the sport in
this country. I just think it's really
bad business of FIFA. And I'd love to
speak to them about it because to me,
for me at least, living care, I thought
this was a perfect opportunity to grow
the sport to get more people engaged in
the game. And then if you do that, guess
what happens? You can sell your TV
rights for more, right? More people
start to play the game. There's more
interest. You can leverage that. This at
the moment,
I hope it changes and I hope it picks up
in a massive way. I want this to be very
successful in this country. But what a
miss. What a miss. FIFA is the inverse
of what we're seeing with SpaceX, which
is essentially cash flow, incredibly
rich, promise poor in terms of just how
much it's expanding its total potential
revenue pool versus SpaceX, which is
cash poor, but potentially, you know,
the sky's is the limit. Literally,
>> compared to 94 where this country really
wasn't ready to to host the World Cup
and didn't have much
>> precisely. They wanted it. They wanted
to engage.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> And it just felt like FIFA just told you
you can't afford it.
>> Well, yeah. and to all the
>> it's not meant to be a rich person's
sport at all.
>> Well, did you see the stadiums filled in
Los Angeles and Mexico City with people
in sort of other sites offsite just
cheering, absolutely tearing the place
down? That's the kind of energy that you
want inside the stadium, but you know,
FIFA kaching.
>> Yeah, big time. Shortsighted. Anyway, up
next on the program, the Morning Calls,
plus Nick Owens of Morning Star, warning
of the risk behind the SpaceX sky-high
valuation from New York City this
morning. Good morning.
There's an average multiple of sales to
price of about 10. For every buck that
you generate in sales, you get about $10
in valuation. These guys at SpaceX are
at 99, the highest I've ever seen. A
2,000% premium for Elon Musk. The
average retail investor is massively
overpaying. They're totally overvalued.
And it's so obvious.
>> That was a skeptical view. That was from
the Live Switch founder and chairman
Brian Hamilton a little bit earlier on
this morning. Very very vocal about what
he thinks of this IPO. uh he was the way
that he put it into just what it would
be in terms of an annuity $80 billion or
something guaranteed every single year
gives you a sense speaking from sort of
bond space of why there is some
skepticism and people coming from the
equity space who are really enthusiastic
are saying really the market share is
potentially astronomical literally and
potentially you're seeing the
monetization already when it comes to
Starlink when it comes to even XAI to
some degree
>> that's the hope and dream story
>> behind the order book, which is
astronomical in and of itself for this
IPO. Equity futures right now positive
by 0.5% on the S&P on the NASDAQ up by
point4. That's the price action. Here
are your money calls. First up, City
upgrading AMD to buy, saying it GPU
upside is not fully priced into shares.
Your second call from Everore
downgrading Adobe to inline from
outperform saying investor sentiment is
unlikely to turn positive until it makes
changes to its seuite. And finally,
Wells Fargo raising its price target on
Qualcomm to 230 from 160. whilst keeping
an equal weight rating on the shares
ahead of Qualcomm's Investor today. The
stock is up by.7%. Let's turn back to
SpaceX. Nick Owens of Morning Star
noting concerns on the outlook for the
stock. He writes, "We value SpaceX at
$63 per share, a 53% discount to the
upcoming IPO's offer price." Nick joins
us now for more. Nick, welcome to the
program. Market caps at 1.8 trillion.
You're at a fraction of that, Nick. what
goes into your calculation as you think
about what this company's worth?
>> Thanks for having me. Thanks for asking.
Uh that $63 number is a blend of a
handful of scenarios. One in which XAI
may not work out, but in 57% of our
scenarios, we believe that Starship is
highly reusable and we believe that the
data centers in space will be
competitive uh and increase uh you know
take a meaningful market share. Uh the
issue is that uh in only 7% of the
scenarios that we ran do you get kind of
this this uh let's say dominant uh
business outcome in in XAI. Uh that
actually results in a $ 1.9 trillion
valuation in our model. It's just it's
we won't know for another year or two
how reusable is Starship and how
commercially competitive are data
centers in space.
>> Nick, difficult question because I know
it's almost impossible to answer, but
how much is the Elon Musk factor worth
here to this company?
Certainly uh as you guys were talking
about before in terms of enthusiasm and
appetite for the shares I think there's
a big uh Elon Musk factor or premium
there. Um I don't have a line item for
that in my model but uh the way I think
about it is in terms of these
probabilities of the engineering working
out them being able to do these things
and even being able to make them
commercially competitive because they
have such a cost advantage in their
rocket and satellite business they could
potentially extend that into the uh data
center business. Um, and so I would
argue that these probabilities that I
was telling you would be much lower for
any other company.
>> Nick, do you get a sense that people are
conditioned to the prior experience of
recent earnings at other tech companies
which have been astronomical and have
been uh growing at a much faster clip
than people had expected to sort of
suspend belief and say, "Look, you know,
this is somebody who knows what they're
doing. They are increasing their
revenues in certain pockets at very
steady clips. maybe they see something
that we don't in terms of the promise
and frankly they've delivered in other
aspects before.
>> Um I think you know you were talk I
would say Starlink is an example there
where uh they might uh outpace
expectations because adoption is is very
fast. We have a very uh robust forecast
for Starlink. We don't think that their
addressable market is quite as big as
what the company claims but a very
strong uh business uh you know that will
drive u operating uh profit and cash
flow for the company. Um you know in
terms of
I think folks will be very much looking
forward to the Q2 earnings here in July
just to see what those uh kind of rates
of growth are going to look like. Do you
get the sense it's just getting harder
to value things right now at a time
where there's essentially an industrial
revolution underway and a lot of
companies are coming to market are going
public after already being private for a
much longer period of time?
>> Uh it's an interesting point. In the
case of SpaceX, I would argue the the
rocket and and and Starling business are
way more mature than your average IPO or
what we think of when we think of an
IPO. Whereas I would say XAI is perhaps
a bit more uh in startup mode. So,
you're kind of getting a a blended uh
mix of what what's normal for an IPO.
Uh, as people have noted, this company
was founded over 20 years ago. And so,
it's a bit unusual. Um, you know, harder
to value. Uh, Morning Star does it in a
consistent way. We we look at the free
cash flow to the firm and I find that
very uh reassuring.
>> Nick, can I just ask you a basic
question? Forgive me, but what is worth
more if this company just decided to
focus on say AI infrastructure?
If it focused on being a neo cloud
company, whatever it was, if it just
focused on doing that and got away from
the model business, which seems to be
really capital intensive too and cost
lots of money, it stopped competing with
anthropic and the likes of OpenAI.
What's worth more?
>> Uh, I'll be honest with you, the model,
the scenario we ran is essentially that
this is an infrastructure play. Um, put
put another way, whether they're renting
their capacity to third parties as
you've heard they are doing with their
Colossus data center or using it
themselves and then getting, let's say,
subscription or enterprise revenue from
the LLM. For the moment, I I'm kind of
agnostic as to that. It it's really just
what is the payoff for building out all
this infrastructure. Um, and I think of
in the very long term, uh, this is
almost like Elon Musk, you know,
building the railroads to space. uh you
know it's beyond data centers talking
about moon and Mars and so forth. Uh so
I thought of it really more as a
long-term infrastructure uh buildout if
you will.
>> Interesting Nick. Appreciate it. Thank
you sir. Really thoughtful conversation.
Nick Owens there of morning start going
through a range of scenarios on how to
value this company. It's a really
interesting point, especially because a
lot of the revenues coming from AI are
tied to anthropics renting of their
infrastructure to try to deploy as
quickly as they're in demand versus say
the XAI AI template that they're
building out in terms of models. So, if
this is an infrastructure play, it's a
more cohesive bet in terms of putting
data centers in space, in terms of the
satellite connectivity, uh, and in terms
of the Neocloud business. That said,
that's not what they're promising.
They're promising something else and
they're putting a lot of money into the
modeling to compete directly with the
likes of Anthropic and OpenAI.
>> We'll get the more constructive view in
just a moment. We'll catch up with Matt
Kennedy over Capital on why the SpaceX
valuation isn't just hype. Equity
futures this morning positive by 0.4%
with the opening bell about an hour and
5 minutes away. With your equity market
on course for another week of gains up
by quarter of 1% on the NASDAQ 100
encouraged by this move in crude oil
lower Brent down by close to 3% WTI as
well. Brent crude 87 WTI 85. The
president telling us we're getting
closer and closer and closer to a deal.
The up and down B about 60 minutes away.
Equities up here by 0.4% up on the week
through Thursday at the close adding
some weight to the rally. Higher by 0.2%
on the NASDAQ. The move fading just a
touch going into this record-breaking
IPO from SpaceX. We'll spend some more
time on that in just a moment. Actually
want to spend some more time on the bond
market which has really stabilized in
the past few sessions. Howd down by
crude yields at the front end of the
curve up by just a basis point this
morning. Two is around 4.0. 07% tend to
around 447 up a single basis point of
course this morning is all about a big
equity offering the IPO still to come
from Anthropic from open AI next week's
all about the Federal Reserve Kevin
Walsh a man who we really don't know
much about in terms of what he stands
for what he believes right now for
monetary policy
>> if there is some sort of conclusion to
the Iran US fighting does that give him
a bit of a breather in terms of how
rapidly they have to at least tighten
verbally some of the policy the
expectation is that there will
a dropping in the easing bias which a
lot of people can't believe is still
there at the same time notable how wide
the gap is the delta between what we
just saw from the ECB which was not only
hiking rates for the first time since
2023 but indicating that further hikes
are likely and this morning it is
interesting that even though you are
seeing somewhat of a a relief sense in
the US bond market it's barely a relief
at all and in the in the German bond uh
market you could see an absolute rip
boring rally as people say okay at least
this might take the pressure off the ECB
to have to do so much. So, let's see
what Fed Chair Jay Walsh stands for. Jay
Walsh, cuz you know, Kevin Walsh, excuse
me. J Pal will be governor. J. I think
that that's kind of what we're going to
be dealing with. Jay is still there and
he might give a speech as well, but
Federal Reserve,
>> you know, and then we get commentary
from them, which I think will be really
great.
>> Yeah, I agree with you. Crude looks like
this. 88 on Brent. We're pulling back to
85 on WTI, down by 2 to 3% off the back
of the imminent deal. We're told
repeatedly as close, very close, I'm
told, in the last 24 hours. That would
be my conversation I think for next week
around the Federal Reserve at least my
question. How narrow is the inflation
conversation at the institution right
now. Is it all about energy and the
potential for energy to spill out and
become embedded in other prices or does
it go beyond energy? They seeing price
pressure elsewhere that they are
becoming increasingly concerned about.
>> The discussion on Wall Street very much
is the latter, not the former. It's yes,
energy is definitely an input, but at
the same time, people are able to absorb
those higher costs and you're also
seeing it from some of the data center
buildout. So, at what point are you
looking at just an underlying resilient
economy that doesn't require at least no
more accommodation and potentially a
rate hike?
>> Got to set expectations for
communication as well. Saw the headline
cross. There will be a news conference.
Like that was news, right? There will be
a news conference next week.
>> There was a question.
>> How long will these news conferences be?
How many questions will they take? Is he
open to having news conferences at every
single meeting? Is there something he's
rethinking?
The speeches, how often will we hear
from him? How often would he like other
governors on the board to speak? And how
much control does he have over regional
Fed presidents, which at the moment is
not much?
>> To me, that's a key question. Also, how
much is he going to clamp down on the
idea of this being a multitude of voices
versus really driving from the top,
right? How far can he go with some of
his decisions about changes given the
fact that he's just one person among 12?
>> That quote, "Inflation is a choice."
>> Someone in the news conference is going
to bring that up. Inflation is a choice.
Yeah, precisely. What's your choice?
What's your index?
>> Yeah, exactly. Is it an index choice or
is it a choice when it comes to how far
you cracked out on it?
>> That's the story for next week. Let's
turn back to our top story for this
morning. Counting down to the SpaceX
trading debut. Wall Street gearing up
for a historic trading day. Yahara joins
us now from the NASDAQ for more. Yhara,
welcome back to the program. It's a big
few hours coming up where you are. What
do you see now
>> exactly, John? So, just to give you a
sense of the anticipation here at the
NASDAQ, we've already seen some key
SpaceX figures arrived. I just spotted
President uh Gwyn Shotwell downstairs
sharing some laughs with uh CFO Brent
Johnson as they chatted with uh other
folks here at the NASDAQ. Elon Musk's
mother, May Musk, also just walked in
ahead of them. So, the anticipation is
building here ahead of the first trade.
Uh, we have heard from the NASDAQ in the
last hour that uh SpaceX will be
eligible for trading at 10:00 a.m.
Eastern, but we probably won't see the
first trade until hours from then as uh
uh as underwriters will still be working
to match buy and sell orders in that uh
price discovery process. And uh one of
the biggest questions this morning is
how much demand is still sitting on the
sidelines. As we reported, the deal was
more than four times overs subscribed.
Retail investors alone are said to have
placed more than uh $100 billion worth
of orders, but only a fraction of those
requests will actually be filled, which
means there could be a large pool of
investors looking to buy shares once
trading begins later today.
>> Yhara, appreciate it. Thanks for the
update. Yhira at the NASDAQ ahead of the
pricing of this IPO, the trading of this
IPO later this morning. The company's
sky-high valuation raising major
questions from investors. Matt Kennedy,
the senior IPO market strategist at
Renaissance Capital, writing, "This
valuation isn't just pure hype. A
fundamental case can be made to justify
it." Matt joins us now for more. Matt,
welcome to the program. Been looking
forward to this conversation. We've
heard from a lot of skeptics already
this morning. Let's get to the
constructive view. How do you justify
this valuation?
>> Right. Well, it'll be an expensive stock
in the near term, but our numbers have
it looking pretty decent on 2029 2030 uh
EV multiples. So, you know, it's it's
going to be a tough ride, a rocky ride
to get there. And it can be
uncomfortable to value a company so far
into the future, especially in this
space. But if it hits those numbers, I
mean, this stock could even look cheap.
Well, Matt, let's focus on revenue. How
much money they're making at the moment,
what growth has looked like over the
last few years, and the numbers you're
thinking about in the forward years,
next year, the year after that. How much
growth are we going to see in revenue?
>> Right. I mean, we only saw what 15%
revenue growth in the first quarter, but
this is not going public off of its most
recent quarter. It's going public off of
what it can do in the next few years.
And uh we're expecting it to more than
triple revenue in the next two years.
that would give us more confidence in
this valuation. And how can it do that?
Well, a lot of it's already underway
with that Google and anthropic deal. And
then, you know, if they can get Starship
underway, if they can continue growing
in the connectivity Starlink space, I
think they can get there.
>> Key question, Matt, where exactly is the
revenue going to be coming from? And
does it matter? Does it matter if it's
mostly a NeoCloud story or if it's a
mostly a Starlink story that does propel
the earnings higher?
Most of the revenue is going to come
from the AI side likely. Uh at the same
time, uh Starship V4 is really going to
be that keystone to the company's plans.
Um with connectivity drawing the most
IBIDA in the near term as well. So on
the on the top line, I think AI, but uh
you really can't discount the other two
pillars here too.
>> How much more different is it to try to
value some of the companies that are
IPOing right now versus say five years
ago?
Um, yeah. I mean, it used to be easy.
You could just look at any uh software
company and then the 10 closest comps.
This feels like new territory. Uh, like
I said, we're not comfortable. Uh, we're
not usually going out to 2029, 2030
numbers, but you kind of have to. This
feels almost more like a trillion dollar
venture investment, and I expect the
same will be true of Enthropic and
OpenAI. Matt, what do you do when it
comes to total addressable market? The
TAM of this company when you start
thinking about going to out of space and
there's not much competition just sounds
insane. Some of the numbers I've heard
over the last few weeks just sound
almost made up. Matt, where do the
numbers come from?
>> Um, I'll be honest, we always discount
the TAM pretty heavily. We see very
inflated TAMs in perspectuses. So we
kind of take that uh 20 plus trillion
TAM, we kind of set it aside and look at
what the company's been able to do and
uh where we think it can go. Um we kind
of disregarded that that 20 trillion
plus uh enterprise AI, but you know, I
think there's no question AI
infrastructure is huge and growing. Uh
the potential for the Starlink is
already very established and growing
very fast.
>> Can I ask you, we were talking about
growth and clearly the IPO is not priced
off the the trailing gears. Obviously,
we're talking about the hope of the
future, but Matt, I am interested in the
growth levels coming into this listing.
Why aren't we seeing aggressive growth
and why is it going to change quickly in
just the next two years?
>> Yeah, I mean, I think the uh the launch
business has really been focused on
bringing those satellites into space,
helping the connectivity, the Starlink
business out, and then on the AI side,
uh that's mostly been plowing money into
capex. And now it's finally at that
inflection point. And you know those
deals with Google Anthropic have given
us confidence. Uh the fact that Google
is also raising billions of dollars to
build out its own data centers and other
companies. Uh I think they're in the
right space. I think a case could be
made that you know it's a bit risky to
build out all of this infrastructure. Uh
you know what happens if there's
overcapacity? Uh but for now you know
pelt the metal. Um it looks like the
smart play. Matt, you agree with some of
the skeptics and one particular point
you said that this looks a lot like a
trillion dollar venture capital bet. Do
you think it's appropriate that this go
into a lot of the indexes and be
available widely to retail customers at
a time when essentially it has a
characteristic more of venture capital
than say traditional equity?
>> Well, you know, I mean, you could take a
look at Tesla that took a long time
before it got into the S&P 500. There's
all sorts of uh you know growth
companies, mature companies. Um so I
would say that there's a spectrum of
what's appropriate for what goes in an
index and this company kind of feels
like a growth company on steroids. So I
believe it it can justify its $ 1.75
trillion valuation. I wouldn't say it's
you know inappropriate to be going into
indexes whose uh you know goal is to
track the market. Uh if people don't
want to own those index funds, they can
certainly sell
Matt Kennedy. Appreciate it, Matt. Thank
you. That's a choice people will have to
make. Matt Kennedy of Renaissance
Capital, a growth company on steroids
without the major growth just yet. And
perhaps that's going to change in the
next few years.
>> You're betting that it will change in
the next few years. People keep pointing
to the index composition and you were
alluding to that with Sarah Hunt
earlier. The idea that the NASDAQ is
going to be including this and that the
S&P isn't and that it will include the
divergence between those two indexes
with the NASDAQ much more leverage the
AI bet than say the S&P. How much
investor education is going to have to
go into this though too so that people
truly do have a sense of this because
when you think about the US index equity
indexes they've gotten further and
further away from the underlying economy
uh as time has gone on and do people
really fully understand that.
>> Well, right now we're getting closer to
the underlying economy because this
economy is just AI and capex right now,
isn't it?
>> That's a great point in terms of the
strength points. Yes. In terms of going
to the grocery store. Well, maybe. I
mean, it depends. Maybe AI is picking my
blueberries.
>> Yeah. Hopefully those blueberries get
cheaper for you, Brema. I know how
personal that feels.
>> It does. Those big blueberries, they're
fantastic. But
>> if they're really big, they're not
organic, are they? You know, like
there's monsters you get sometimes up.
>> Do you care? Yeah, you care.
>> Yeah, of course.
>> I know. I I'm just like they're
delicious.
>> Oh, you like the bigger ones.
>> You know, it depends. The really small
I mean, if they don't taste good, they
don't.
>> SpaceX. Let's get back on track. Futures
fading just a touch. Equities right now
up a third of 1%. Let's get you an
update on stories worldwide with your
Bloomberg brief. Isabelle Lee has more.
Here Isabelle. Hi John. The US and Iran
may be nearing a deal to end the war and
open the Strait of Hormuz. President
Donald Trump saying a deal is imminent
and could be signed in the next few
days. An Iranian foreign ministry
spokesperson saying quote, "We have not
reached conclusion on this matter yet."
And OpenAI's chat GPT reaching 1 billion
monthly users in May. According to
sensor tower, the app became the fastest
ever to reach the milestone despite
growing AI opposition. Other apps like
Anthropics Claw made triple-digit
year-over-year gains. And in sports
news, the Knicks are heading back to San
Antonio as they look to close out their
series against the Spurs. They're one
win away from their NBA title since 1973
and teams up 3 to1 in the finals are
37-1 all time in league history. Game
five tips off Saturday night. That's
your Bloomberg brief. John
>> Isabelle, thank you. Thank you for the
update. Up next on our program setting
you up for the day ahead. Plus, we'll
catch up with Dan Niles of Niles
Investment Management, saying things
could get dicey down the road for this
big company.
It's SpaceX. So, it's Elon Musk. So,
it's also all of the things that Elon
Musk is is doing. It's not just one
thing. This is one of those companies
where ultimately they have some
incredibly promising technology. Is it
worth what it's being sold for for
today? I don't know.
>> Place your bets accordingly. That was
Sarah Hunt of Alpine Sex and Woods on
the major IPO that's set to start
trading a little bit later this morning.
Equity futures shaping up as follows.
Positive by 210 of 1%. The rallies
fading as we get closer and closer to
the cash open. The NASDAQ just about
unchanged going into the opening bow.
What a week we've got lined up for you.
A little bit later this morning, this
trading debut for SpaceX. Should expect
that around 10:00 a.m. perhaps, possibly
even later. And then a little bit later,
9:00 p.m. Eastern time, Team USA playing
its first World Cup match. We'll give
you an update on that, no doubt, over
the next few weeks, World Cup Mania
taking over Mexico.
>> Yeah.
>> America and Canada. Then next week too,
G7 finance ministers and leaders of
course all getting together. G7 leaders
meeting in France Wednesday FOMC rate
decision Kevin Walsh news conference the
main event about a week out. Yeah, and
it sort of sets it up perfectly with the
G7 meetings given the fact that not only
potentially could we see some sort of
deal signed between the US and Iran as
some people were talking about this
morning, but also a lot of the big tech
leaders are going to be at that G7
meeting, which highlights sort of the
two big components that are at play for
the new Federal Reserve chair Kevin
Worsh coming in and having to figure out
exactly what's causing the inflation. Is
it the energy side of the picture? Is it
the tech buildout kind of the picture?
And how do you view monetary policy at a
time of incredible technological change?
>> Regulation conversation, conversation
about taking stakes in some of these
companies. Very different attitudes in
Europe compared to say the US about
what's going to happen here.
>> I think it was very important for these
guys to get on the plane, which is the
reason why they're all showing up. You
can imagine some of the conversations. I
want to know their calendars. Who are
they meeting with? Exactly what the the
tenor of those conversations are. I'm
guessing it's more on the regulation
side than it is with these leaders than
say on the buying estate.
>> I would suggest also that some of these
executives believe they are the masters
of the universe as well
>> and think that that's the the group they
should be running it.
>> Right now the market is treating them
>> as masters of the universe because their
total uh market cap right now exceed by
multiples most GDPs on this on this
globe.
>> Let's talk about the massive success of
SpaceX and Elon Musk. What a turnaround
in fortunes for this company that's gone
through some difficult times at times
over the past few years. Blimp's Ed
Ladello joins us now for more. Ed, we'll
see the first trade a little bit later
this morning, but let's spend some time
on that. How much work Elon Musk and the
team has dedicated to this company to
get it to where it is today. Yeah, in
2002 when it was kind of seeded, I think
it was at a $27 million valuation and
you know it was very close for quite a
long period of time to bankruptcy and
failure and you know they had just
enough cash and gear to get one rocket
together and it blew up. And fast
forward to present day, the valuation
that that we're all debating, the
trajectory
um of the uh valuation in the context of
of price to sales, however you want to
measure it, is not predicated on that
rocket at all. Um it is predicated on a
story they've pitched investors uh on
them becoming an enterprise AI company.
Like completely different. Um, really
interesting though, like this is such a
big moment in time because it's
literally the biggest IPO in history on
dollar raise and valuation. This isn't
the end of the capital market story for
SpaceX. It's just the beginning, right?
And so that's such an interesting
psychological consideration. Um, they're
pitching a business that doesn't yet
exist. No one's talking about the
success of the current business, which
is Starlink, cash flow positive, and and
basically being a Neocloud where they
rent computer cap capacity to Anthropic
and Google. Um, and at the same time,
you know, why are they raising $75
billion? Um, John, they need capital,
and part of that's to pay down existing
debt. Um, NASDAQ is saying quotation
950, eligible for trading at 10 a.m.
Eastern. One thing I would note is
that's completely standard for for tech
IPOs. Um, on the NASDAQ, this isn't a
standard IPO. Um, and so, yeah, buckle
up. Interesting views.
>> Certainly not standard, that's for sure.
Ed, thank you, buddy. And thanks for the
coverage. Dan Niles of Niles Investment
Management has this to say. It would not
surprise me to see the stock trade well
initially. After that, however, I think
it gets a lot more dicey. I'm pleased to
say that Dan joins us now for more. Dan,
welcome back to the program. Why do you
believe this gets dicey from here?
>> Well, I mean, if you look at it over the
first 15 trading days, you've got
additions to all the different indexes
coming up. The earliest one you can add
it in as 5 days. um the NASDAQ 100 you
can add it in to that index in 15 days
and so that's going to force a lot of
index buyers in and then closet indexers
within the mutual fund community I think
after that valuation matters so I mean
if you can pull up a chart of the ARC
innovation ETF AR KKK over the last 10
years if you go back to 2021 and you
look at that
it is down 50% from its peak in February
of 2021.
Tesla over that same time is up about
50%.
But if you put it into the S&P 500, you
would have doubled your money, including
dividends, since that peak in February
of 2021. So that shows you the dangers
of buying stocks at valuations that are
astronomical because they will get
corrected, but it takes some time. And
so that's the way I'm looking at the
SpaceX IPO. I mean, don't get me wrong,
I think Elon Musk is the Thomas Edison
of our generation. But at 90 times
revenues, which is where the IPO price
is, it looks like on Hyperlquid, it's
at, you know, 180 or so. So that' be 120
times revenues. This is like buying the
Arc Innovation ETF in my mind at its
peak in February of 2021. Yeah, Dan,
it's the revenue piece of it that I want
to spend some time on with you. Clearly,
trailing revenue, this number is a
monster. More than 90 IPO and as you
indicate after the rally, it's going to
be higher than that. But the hopes and
dreams are about the forward years, of
course, just by definition. Dan, Dan,
the growth numbers coming into this.
That's the piece of that gets my
attention.
We will pay up for growth stocks if
they're generating lots of growth. But
you don't see that right now with this
company. And Dan, what I've been told
this morning is that in the next two
years, that's going to change really
quickly. because they can leverage the
investments they've made. Dan, what are
your thoughts on that?
>> Well, and and that's true, but you're
leaving out one important piece,
Jonathan, which is they've said they're
going to need to spend hundreds of
billions of dollars to make that happen,
to be able to get to that 28.5 trillion
in TAM that they believe is the largest
in human history. But look at what's
happened with companies we already know
very well that are trying to do that.
So, Google went out and did a capital
raise. The stock's down 6% just in the
month of May. Um, Amazon also selling
the largest corporate bond offering ever
in Canada. That stock's down 11% just in
the month of May. And go to yesterday,
right? Oracle results came in, those
were fine, but the capex came in a lot
higher than what people thought in terms
of their guidance. That stock was down
9% yesterday. It's down just 18% just in
the month of May. So you already and
then Meta obviously since April 29th
when they put out their results they
again cranked up their capex relative to
expectations expenses went up. That
stock's down I think 15% since they
reported results. The S&P's up four. So
you can make the assumption that once
you get out of this first 15 days of
trading when there's forced buying due
to these index inclusions, the stock
keeps working. But I look at investing
as risk versus reward at, you know, 90
times revenues at its IPO price over a
hundred based on what it looks like it's
trading in some of these other markets.
You know, it's just not there. You can
buy other companies, to your point,
Jonathan, that are growing a lot faster
that you can get at very reasonable
valuations that, you know, have positive
cash flow. Just real quick, Dan, I'm
curious if this is sort of an indication
of how things are going to be valued for
OpenAI and Anthropic, whether this sort
of indicates the peak in the sense that
all these companies want to raise as
much money when the window is as wide
open as it possibly can be.
>> Yes, that's you hit on the exact point
because money right now looks infinite
right up until the point it isn't. So is
the fact that Google, Amazon, Oracle,
you know, Meta are all having pretty
rough periods of time as they're raising
capital and these companies actually on
an operating basis generate lots of cash
flow. Don't forget SpaceX on a net
income basis is losing a lot of money.
They lost more in the first quarter than
they did in all of last year. And that's
just net income losses. I'm not even
layering in capex. So to your point,
which I think is a really good one, now
you've got three of the biggest IPOs in
history lining up and is capital
infinite. I think based on how things
have traded in May off the capital
raises of, you know, established very
profitable companies. I think you're
kind of figuring out maybe capital isn't
infinite.
>> Dan, appreciate your time and really
valid points. Thank you, sir. Dan Niles
there of NAS Investment Management. Dan
is absolutely right. We've been tracking
the same story, the push back, just the
report that Meta might raise equity
capital last Friday. Equity sailed off.
Saw it with Oracle on spending. Saw it
with other names through the week as
well. That's the stress that start to
emerge. Not broad base, but signs that
you're getting some push back in capital
markets.
>> We got it at the end of last year when
they announced the capex plans and then
Meta in particular sold off really
dramatically and then it resurged when
people started to look at some of the
profitability and how it was coming out.
This is a tough story to get your hand
around, which is a reason why it's been
really wonderful to listen to all these
different points of view. This morning,
>> a record-breaking IPO from Elon Musk and
a team over at SpaceX. Trading should
begin in the next few hours. Equity
futures fading just a touch on the S&P
500 from New York City this morning.
Good morning. Have a wonderful weekend.
This was Bloomberg Surveillance.